First-year seminarians who agonize over whether they should be priests make the same mistake; the time for that discernment is when they approach ordination to the diaconate.   
Groan and mourn and agonize over your sin and failure in violation of God's law and He'll provide the comfort of salvation. 
We agonize over the "what if" questions and wonder just how we'll ever get out from under the burdens we bear.   
George Daniels agonized over his decision. 
For years I can’t imagine how his parents must have agonized over essentially losing their oldest son. 
Shortly after I received that Similac sample, I found myself wandering the hallowed halls of Babies 'R' Us in a daze, agonizing over whether or not to register for bottles in case I wanted to pump somewhere down the line. 
It agonizes over the ruin which has come to the classic Communist project as the Berlin Wall crashed, and meanders in a jargonised pseudo-logical way towards a purported condemnation of the 'Stalinism' which Slovo had championed for most of his life.   
L ove affair issues are agonized over and struggled with in my counseling practice almost every week. 
Too many nights recently, though, I’ve awakened at 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning and agonized over that question. 
I agonize over mothering. 
But I think because I didn't agonize over it, I'm alright with that. 
It's something I could imagine Angel *doing* this, but it'd take a lot more to get me there.) But if I had been writing it like that, it either 1) would've never got finished, 2) a billion other ideas I had while agonizing over it would never have gotten finished.   
Censoring the school paper (or internet feed) doesn’t protect anyone from bullying, or agonizing over every physical imperfection, or from sexual predators (who overwhelmingly come not from the internet but from within teens’ own families). 
We’ve learned that beauty is really relevant and also it’s strict and specific and cannot reside in a face with a pronounced mole, so we agonize over the mole.   
Kierkegaard agonized over whether to publish these direct communications about his own strategies of communication and how he saw his activity as an author. 
But I know this guy named Spencer who is agonizing over the last weeks of yet another wretched Mets season. 
As a result of what they did, both were sad, sorry, in fact they agonized over their betrayals, both of them did. 
“Calm down,” said Bear, “She’ll like our sushi place,” when I began agonizing over where to take my visiting friend to dinner. 
Somehow even though she went forth and conquered the world with her new nose, she still agonized over the old one, and would her loved one see past the nose and into her soul…it was still with her in a way. 
The judges were duly impressed, and perhaps for the first time did not have to pretend to agonize over who would go home: It was actually a hard decision. 
Didn’t go to any other places, didn’t agonize over any decisions, I just knew which one it was going to be. 
I know, I know – instagram isn’t meant to be this place where you agonize over what photo to take/share/edit. 
I agonized over the decision for months. 
We’ve agonized over the fact that his birthmother didn’t even get the last name of the one night stand that produced him.   
When I am not fulfilling my duties as UTeach Co-Commissioner, I am usually in a corner of the library simultaneously agonizing over and taking pleasure in the fruit of my intellectual labor: my Humanities Honors Tennessee Williams thesis project (and yes, research and writing unleashes the oddest contradictions). 
Well Revolution fans, it was the moment we had all been waiting for … the return of our show for Season 2 after months of painful waiting and agonizing over if the ICBMs would hit Philadelphia and Georgia, if our gang would be able to stop them, if Neville would really end up taking over […]     
Many social scientists in other disciplines often agonize over the legitimacy of their work as "science," and consequently emphasize the importance of detachment, objectivity, abstraction, and quantifiability in their work. 
Updating the text to reflect modern concerns and betrayal, the setting was moved to Fascist boundaries in Europe where matters of idealism and conscience were agonized over upon an empty stage, populated by quasi-Nazi storm troopers and the threat of intellectual oppression.   
burr as a glowing testament to his ability to bring a tale to life as if it happened exactly as he had written the narrative.don’t agonize over an insignificant issue writers have called editors to task when they correct something in   
Otherwise, you fall into the category of the romantic—the brilliant artist who agonizes over every brushstroke. 
People who agonize over their acne or suffer from hair loss or are an unusual height. 
Describe for us what initially sparked your interest in this topic and how the film took shape over that process. (I’d be especially interested in your recounting one of the challenges you mentioned at Slamdance–your agonizing over the decision of whether or not to upgrade to HD and to start over shooting this project.)   
But if we look deeper into this, we find that Jesus was agonizing over drinking a SPECIFIC cup.   
If Jesus didn’t agonize over death itself then what was it that made Jesus so sorrowful even BEFORE he was arrested in the Garden of Gethsemane? 
Could this be part of what he agonized over in the Garden? 
If you’re like me, always searching for the next movie to catch your eye or a new TV series to make you agonize over how slow the week goes by (or how cruel the summer break is!), then you will love this giveaway!   
I don’t have to eat the darn things every day or even every month, but I at least know the recipe to pass down to my daughter… and let her playfully agonize over whether or not to indulge in a five-generation old delicacy… only to give in and fry up a batch for dear ol’ Mom.   
Why agonize over it? 
Agonizing over my son. 
The one some guy is agonizing over . 
Rodriguez agonized over the decision, even watching his Dominican mother and American wife debate the issue for two hours.   
I was agonizing over what I should do for Ohno's 33rd birthday, and decided to go with the Arashi members' comments about Ohno from the Iza Now concert pamphlet. 
During weeks of days spent writing words, then agonizing over the words you’d written, then hunting down references in order to make [...]   
They all sit agonizing over the decision or trying to persuade one another to go first, building up the tension to the hairless reveal. 
Hi, Angela — I was sent here by Artsy, as I’ve been agonizing over choosing color for my living room and she is being my enabler! 
If it wasn't for this blog I would probably would never have been introduce to the wonderfully brilliant writing of Cate, and for that I am eternally grateful However, if it wasn't for this blog I wouldn't have spent the last two weeks agonizing over doing a review that does this novella justice. 
I did not, thank God, go to graduate school at a time when we agonized over the possibilities of objectivity or the extent to which and the process by which bodies of knowledge became institutionalized. 
This mantra applies to everything in life: From the report you prepare for your boss so he can present to his superiors, to the software you write for Mac, iPhone, and iPad, to the car whose every inch and surface you’ve agonized over for months. 
You see it all the time; people agonizing over their exercise routine. 
I was thinking, with all this agonizing over paint that I’m doing, it might be helpful to share some pictures that I loooooove. 
You may agonize over things you think you could have done for the deceased. 
It’ll be a dress from Shabby Apple, and I’m currently agonizing over which one to pick. 
He quickly learned, he said, that preparation was crucial and that he must not agonize over his decisions. 
While waiting to hear whether I would get the raise (I did), I agonized over whether I should have asked at all.   
Sometimes I agonize over a post just trying to get the right thoughts and the right words in just the right places. 
I have been sitting on a blog post all week agonizing over the right way to say it, do it, pitch it and rather than get something up, I’ve gone most of the week with a blank page! 
I watch fewer movies and spend more time agonizing over nursery decor - something we still haven't settled on, with no decision looming on the horizon - or comparing the merits of different carseats. 
We can agonize over our self worth as we see it connected to what we are doing/planning/trying to achieve in the future, but the real truth is ‘all we have is today’. 
I also think it's a bit strange that he agonizes over and regrets a fairly defensible crime, goes on to slaughter innocent children with scarcely a moment's hesitation, then takes out the villains and starts regretting things again. 
I did kind of agonize over the color, and I’m a little embarrassed to say that I have an awful lot of sample paints that are all almost about the same color. 
He agonized over this for several hours as the doctors did more tests and gave him updates. 
I am also agonizing over a close friendship that has recently ended after 15 years. 
This was advice given to me recently as I was agonizing over several potentially life-changing decisions. 
Do you agonize over your failures? 
While Mama Di emphatically affirmed her belief in the benevolence and higher divination of God—“God never gives you more than you can handle”—she simultaneously agonized over the senseless loss of many lives. 
You probably shouldn’t spend too much time agonizing over it if it’s not immediately obvious.   
About 5 years ago, I reached one of those crossroads in life and agonized over which fork to take. 
We can agonize over the potential for the loss of cash in a bank account as a result of a lost or stolen debit card, or of the potential for a thief to tap out the remaining balance on a credit line. 
“We all agree that our programmes should be relevant to the world of work,” wrote Walter Pitman, president of Ryerson, in his foreword to the 1977 issue, “but we continue to agonize over the nature of that ‘relevance’ and the importance of liberal education.” 
It was helpful to hear how much time you recommended spending on prep for these tests - I was starting to agonize over that one. 
I’m currently agonizing over what buttons to choose for a button tree I’m making. 
The Xs: When I write a first draft, rather than stopping every few lines to agonize over a new character or place name, I just put in X1, X2, etc. and keep a master list of "The Xs." (For example, x1 might be the main character, x2 might be his homeworld, x3 might be the name of his pet drannet, and so forth.)   
Tell that to my niece who agonized over who was going to “give her away”-her biological father or her stepfather. 
Another agonized over wanting to change projects at the last minute. 
When writing that post I agonized over what analogy I should use. 
Instead of being trapped, agonizing over our thoughts and fears we end up moving into being completely consumed with God!   
Please write this list more or less off the top of your head, without agonizing over it too much. 
It is one word in the Greek, epagonizomai (literally, " agonize over "). 
It could just be a total blowout and all the agonizing over the current crop of GOP candidates will seem silly in retrospect.   
In " Failure is not a Factory-Installed Option ", we see Jim who agonizes over the fact he killed his best friend for just a golden turd, then found out that his fiancée was cheating on him. 
[...] was something awesome about cutting off my hair and then rocking the wedding gown that I agonized over , back when I cared about looking pretty in dresses. 
Agonizing over Grandmama’s secret, Jessica and her daughter-in-law, Laura, search for ancestors and answers in Sweden with their little dog, Lucky.   
With your chart and current transits, stop procrastinating, get clear about what role you want to play and stop agonizing over vague or generalized things. 37 was a vision of what could be accomplished, and 38 forces you to act on that vision in definite ways. 
Cheering our team, celebrating the victories, agonizing over the losses, and just being normal fans instead of martyrs or masochists. 
They are not squeamish: they digest mass murder as easily as they consume their eggs and toast, and they do not lose sleep by agonizing over the cannon fodder they sacrifice in the service of their own aggrandizement. 
I always agonize over breaking set bonuses. 
Therefore, why should you agonize over something when he is your teacher and he is not agonizing over it? 
Therefore, why should you agonize over something when he is your teacher and he is not agonizing over it? 
I agonized over telling my roommate. 
In fact, you’d be much more likely to find me stressed out chewing on a pen cap agonizing over a decision with pros and cons lists than you would to find me impulsively saying Why Not! to any given situation.   
We agonize over when to take it; we over- or underestimate how much we’ll get; we even doubt it will be around when we retire.   
The most recent entry features one hiker who agonizes over how much vertical ground she has just covered.   
Instead of agonizing over market research, an empirical company hires interns and develops a product in one summer . 
In this milepost season, he is part of the DNA of every fan who agonizes over the Mets.   
We agonized over this decision. 
It's not for everyone, but if you're wondering what you should do to immortalise the dress you spent so long agonizing over , and such a brief time wearing, I have the ultimate solution....   
“When I have agonized over this decision since the moment of you accepted my proposal? 
As much as I hate when characters I love are hurting, as much as I agonize over adding tension and terror to the lives of my own characters, a story isn’t a story without suspense and conflict. 
I’ve been thinking about it, I’ve been agonizing over it, I’ve been moaning about it and I’ve been staring at it, over and over and over again. 
I’ve heard the stories of many men who agonize over the “right” way to propose and how to make it special. 
I’ve kind of been agonizing over this. 
We have forgotten how music should be listened to – not at low bitrates through tinny plastic speakers, but through a hi-fi, taking the listener to the same place the artist wanted when they agonized over that sound quality in a studio.   
We understand that they can get sensory overload, yet agonize over the melt downs when they come home after hours in an environment like school. 
It was probably something you thought about, mulled over, perhaps even agonized over , for quite some time. 
And from Neukölln in Berlin , while much of Europe agonizes over the entry of new states into the Union, we heard about the work of neighbourhood mothers working with the city and school officials to ensure no child is left behind.   
As for myself I think that agonizing over the existence of sentient races out there is a huge waste of time, unless meant for recreation. 
Now that “ agonizing over the existence of sentient races out there is a huge waste of time, unless meant for recreation”, I beg to strongly differ with. 
Never agonize over the past or worry over the future. 
If you're worrying, you're either agonizing over the past which you should have forgotten long ago, or else you're apprehensive over the future which hasn't even come yet. 
If you worry, you agonize over the past which you should have forgotten long ago, or you're apprehensive over the future which hasn't even come yet. 
Citizens have continued to elect "evil" people to represent them, and continue to agonize over the results. 
Welcoming Presence: A meditative practice of movement, breath, chanting and stillness Most of the time we are lost in the noise created by the ups and downs of our own lives, and much of our energy is spent agonizing over the way things ‘should be.’ All too often when we come to our yoga mats we bring this orientation of striving, achieving, and judging into our personal practices.   
I have been agonizing over what type of ebook reader to get & was about to order the new pocket reader for $189 but then I stumbled upon the prs-505 on clearance at my local Target today 30% off for $198. 
You're the only ones zany enough to agonize over time and distance without limit, over mysteries that will never die, over the fact that we are right now determining whether the space voyage for the next billion years or so is going to be Heaven or Hell.   
I'd been agonizing over how to keep her occupied during the summer when I received an International Expeditions catalog in the mail. 
We agonized over when to visit and finally settled on early November. 
Later, he says, "I didn't agonize over it."   
Because I love jewel tones and I want to paint our new walls with them and I am agonizing over how many to use and I have finally settled on that bold, screaming pink and emerald green, and now I just have to decide how to divide them up and I can’t help but explain and justify my reasoning.   
“We were hearing significant concerns about physicians leaving practice, limiting the time they would stay open, some of them having to take bridge loans, some agonizing over whether they had to let some of their staff go,” Dr. Hoven said. 
How many believers have agonized over the uncertain destination of their loved ones after death? 
You suddenly realize that you were worrying over nothing, and you actually begin to enjoy making progress. 
Hamstrung by scanty communications with the troops ashore, Bradley quietly worried over what appeared to be a developing catastrophe. 
We tend to worry over petty little things, such as someone cutting us off by car, or missing a tv show, and all this stress adds up! 
Later, she worried over him not eating his noodles and wanted to know why such a good looking man was trying to diet. 
But it hasn’t been worrying over the antiquities that has kept me up at night. 
Eiji was leaning down on his hands, biting his lip as he worried over Ooishi's response. 
Following economist Malthus’ worries over human population growth inIreland,Darwinnotes that not just the Irish, but every species reproduces at a geometric ratio of increase. 
Maybe you’re worrying over something you said to a friend, and now you’re afraid your friend doesn’t love you any more. 
The timid Hyuuga came out from the kitchen, worried over the commotion she had heard.   
After doing that I thought that I hadn’t done very well, but apparently I was worrying over nothing. 
The cumulative effect of the images, though, is powerfully melancholic, so much so that you begin to worry over the mental well-being of the artist. 
On top of that, if the IP is still in production, you worry over how it will develop, and whether you’ll deviate from it, and how much retconning you’ll have to do later. 
HYDERABAD: With industrial development on the city outskirts falling far below expectations, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) has to now worry over the volume of vehicular traffic on the Outer Ring Road (ORR) which has been much less than what was estimated. 
When I read about this letter, I was a bit perturbed, but the article I read about it was very favourable, and I wondered if I was worrying over nothing. 
Find ways that work for you, and when you find yourself getting too worked up or worried over something, put them into practice. 
Although he was earlier worried over memorizing his part of the pageant, Linus goes to center stage, asks for stage lights and recites the Christmas story verbatim from Luke 2:8-14 in the King James Bible. 
I panicked because I had many books written by friends in that stack, knew I couldn't include them all, and worried over hurt feelings.   
The tears that came way too easily, the worrying, the stress over homework – well, it worried them as much as Beth worried over nothing. 
"The days of worrying over whether or not we could support our families while making games we would want to play ourselves are behind us," says the indie studio. 
They are sort of the opposite of the ones I’ve had recently in that they are the happy outcomes of things I worry over and want instead of my worst (ridicules) fears happening. 
If you can think of life in this manner, you automatically relax and quit worrying over things that do not matter.   
And since more than 50 percent of fuelling stations carry diesel, buyers won’t have to worry over whether or not they can find a station.   
But I can’t help pointing out that if I am truly worried over money, am I really going to pay to go somewhere and break things? 
Haak Sung was very worried over the fact that our family was being kicked out to the street. 
Sometimes he also has trouble concentrating because he is worried over his mother’s terminal condition, which puts her in and out of hospital. 
He went back to Palliser and said almost sweetly, 'Well, don't worry over it, don't hurt your brain, but just try and follow. 
Mother did not seem to be worried over either the curse or the ghost. 
I never thought you took anything hard; for you are Irish, like your father, and light-hearted, but you mustn't worry over what you can't help. 
Then I had something to worry over . 
CHAPTER XXI--A Visit From the Teacher When school began in January I knew we were skating on thin ice, the break might come any day and I was so worried over it I could not sleep or eat. 
"Don't worry over anything before it happens and don't worry then. 
I was humbled to the dust, emptied of "self" in the words of the hymn, in true learner's mood, I no longer worried over the sort of appearance I had made. 
The family were often worried over his pulpit utterances, and I was too, and wished he would use the soft pedal, once in a while. 
There is nothing to worry over .' And I would go back to my own duties and pleasures with the same uplifted sense of soul and enlarged vision.... 'I do not come to convert you to a new belief,' he said. 'I want you to keep your own belief; I want to make the Methodist a better Methodist, the Presbyterian a better Presbyterian, the Unitarian a better Unitarian. 
As for Fire, she spent too much time worrying over becoming a monster, so much so that it got quite annoying. 
US concern is selective I read the page-one article “US worried over democracy here” (The Budapest Times, 1-7 February 2013) and I feel that concerns by US officials about the lack of democracy in Hungary today are nothing short of suspicious and disingenuous. 
Governments worldwide are growing worried over the technological developments in North Korea, where nuclear technology is clearly developed. 
I worried over every word, until my head was spinning. 
I think that approach works better for me than, as you put it, worrying over every word.   
With ATM monitoring provided by your ISO or IAD, management and maintenance of each mobile ATM is handled; there is little left for an event organizer to worry over on ATM management. 
This allows you to further observe the content of the doubtful thought that worries over something it fears you do not possess. 
"A semi-related question I have worried over is the best means to relate a print serial which has ceased to the web site (not a true serial but an on- going entity none-the less) which succeeds it."   
Maha Swamigal was concerned and worried over the decline of the traditional Vedic education in recent years resulting in the paucity of Vedic scholars to carry forward the great Vedic heritage to posterity. 
I had not had even the hour and a half's forgetfulness, what with worrying over the hole we were in. 
Yet plenty do, and often they’re the same poets who are simultaneously worrying over dwindling poetry audiences.   
Then I woke up with my mind chattering away, worrying over things that wouldn’t normally concern me. 
The CSSD, worried over the possibility for a rival coalition to form, has been floating the idea of building a coalition of its own. 
Esteemed writer Nicholas Pegg need not superstitiously worry over his 13th Queen’s pantomime, as fee-fi-fo-fum, Hornchurch delivers a panto not to be shunned.   
For a few days Rosamund had worried over a very different matter. 
If you are worried that your baby has gained weight too fast and now weighs too much, it is most likely that you are worried over nothing. 
Just as medical schools and universities worry over rankings, they too wrangle over who’s number one in this specialty or that one. 
If labels are not important to you, then it really isn’t worth worrying over . 
Oh, and you shouldn’t worry over the fact that you’re JUST a teenager - most of us have questioned the same things when we were your age, so it’s not out of the ordinary.   
Johnny Harris worries over CLT, expects PGA extension   
Assuredly the letter came from a jester or a madman; and I need not worry over it, nor even consider it. 
Well, I worried over nothing. 
Hurricanes are fast becoming household names and have many people worried over the connection between extreme weather and the amount of greenhouse gases people are pumping into the atmosphere. 
I worried over which class to take: beginning, intermediate, or advanced? 
Ah, you are also a busy mom taking care of your family needs and worrying over their health. 
Long before I knew it, the President was desperately worried over it. 
You guys are all worrying over the wrong laws. 
There are many destinations on globe, such as, USA is a biggest Arms industry, China low cost mass production center, India economy with restrictions, EU is struggling with burdens despite many merits ,East Asian nations with group ASEAN insulated their economies ,Africa and South America with huge natural resources being looted by developed nations, Middle east oil economies with funds worried over the discontent of their citizens. 
We’re eventually away from the beginning of style week, which essentially means style PR individuals are freaking away, designers tend to be tense, as well as fashionistas, each male as well as female, are worrying over last second outfit particulars.   
Those are things for theologians to worry over . 
No. Not a day goes by without some report agonizing about allegedly extravagant Canadian household debt levels.   
I agonized about missing her birthday and wondered if my kids would be angry that they share the same day instead of each having their own. 
Also how much more heartbreak could you've written about Tommi being undecided and agonizing about who she really loves/d?   
Women of all ages worrying and worrying about keeping their weight down, losing that ten pounds, chasing themselves all the way back to their perfect weight, their younger look, the glory days that may not have even existed because back then, they were agonizing about , say, their nose.   
I agonized about my nose for years before I got cosmetic surgery. 
I’ve also learned that the things we are agonizing about today, or even for the last ten years, are not necessarily the things that will matter to us later. 
To agonize about a decision already made. 
They are too busy fighting evil to agonize about the size of their nose. 
But now I could see that this is what Grey was talking about when he agonized about his critics. 
This sort of barbarousness would never have sailed through the Roman Senate, but, armed with the Bible (a book which extolls events that happened more than a millennium before the Roman Senate agonized about destroying Carthage), the English settlers could go where Western Civilization had not gone before: genocide on a Biblical scale.   
Truth be told, to the extent that Dolan ever agonizes about anything, he agonized about this. 
Truth be told, to the extent that Dolan ever agonizes about anything, he agonized about this. 
At school, I always cleaned up after myself, but now that I’m home from college, I frequently find myself leaving a mess and then agonizing about it. 
I was suggesting you to read european media not to get european news, but to get a more diversified media coverage of world events instead of agonizing about the inadequacies of CNN coverages and complaining about media control in the US.   
I remember Lisa-Jo agonizing about becoming mom to a daughter, wondering if she could figure it out after losing her own mother at the tender age of 18. 
There's been a lot of agonizing about this being the end of US human spaceflight. 
I agonized about mentioning something as seemingly insignificant as propagating chin hairs; after all, by this time she was too weak to walk to the bathroom, so I doubted she had looked in the mirror in weeks, and the thought of giving her even a moment’s worth of additional discomfort made me cringe. 
But so many women are getting ahead that they’ve started to agonize about that and worry about bringing men forward.   
If you’re anything like me, you lay awake at night agonizing about gift giving—How do I show that I care? 
And it mourns itself And it agonizes about itself And it looks at itself through the new eye It sees the triumph of apathy. 
How about learning to relax, instead of agonizing about your schedule for tomorrow? 
For example are they aware of the ‘Canadian conduits’ that were one of the primary enablers of the super-increased financial leverage that The Reformers always agonize about , at least nearer to the end of the bubble? 
Because the less time you spend agonizing about the little stuff, the more you have for the big, huge, difficult -- and amazing -- stuff. 
I keep flip flopping about my hair – would love to try a pixie, but have been growing my hair out for about a year – I wish hair grew more quickly, and then there’d be so much less agonizing about going for a bold cut or color!   
17 year old Mia agonizes about whether she should go to Julliard to pursue her dream of playing cello professionally even if it means possibly losing her boyfriend Adam and leaving her family and friends behind. 
I did not lose sleep agonizing about possibilities. 
Most 16 year olds spend long days agonizing about the promise of a drivers license. 
I agonized about leaving the CEO’s chair, and I’ve spent the two years since then convincing myself (and many of you) that the right path for me was writing a book , running various conferences, and ruminating on what the “next big thing” might be.   
Agonizing about rolling over a CD at current CD rates? 
And the degree to which they agonized about what the hero should look like is another concern. 
Patil, 36, agonized about his jump away from the one true path of Silicon Valley righteousness, doing gritty research worthy of his father’s generation. 
She visited his shop as late as 2005 and bought Life magazines, talked politics (“Her judgment was pretty harsh on everyone”), and agonized about how difficult it was to find work.   
Yes, I've spent the last couple of days agonizing about it. 
He agonized about what revealing his identity would do to his reputation. 
A major, though implicit, thread throughout Mazower's book is how liberal thinkers constantly agonized about whether to support utiopian visions, or whether they should be pragmatic and work together with realists. 
The account of the exodus in the Hebrew Bible / Old Testament is a good example of cultural memory - a remembered past that resulted in collective memories that maintained the actuality of the past, without getting bogged down in never ending agonizing about the supposed "historical factuality" of the past. 
I thought she was too interested in herself and tried to talk another member into asking her out, but of course, he would rather agonize about calling for a year. 
Early on in my own poly dating, I met two wonderful men at the same time and for a week I agonized about who I would choose — and how. 
But isn't it something you still agonize about everyday? 
Fiction certainly isn’t my strong suit and I spent a great deal of time agonizing about nearly every paragraph. 
It is very common for a woman who receives an autism spectrum disorder (ASD) diagnosis for her child to begin to agonize about what may have caused the condition, and to focus especially on her pregnancy or the child’s birth. 
Powerful music video by Bok van Blerk about white South African Boers agonizing about leaving their own country after almost 400 years (sung in Afrikaans but you will very clearly get the idea from the action)   
I agonized about weaning- Were we going to hit my goal of one year? 
Our li’l ones went (are going) to a project-based high school that’s far from home and has only about 400 kids, and we agonized about the same thing: will they get a “real” high school experience in such a small, non-neighborhood-y place? 
And with that he passed me a copy of the test that thousands of teachers and students had wondered about and agonized about for years.   
As you can see it doesn't take months of agonizing about storylines to write all your songs. 
Worrying or agonizing about our health challenges isn’t helpful—in fact it’s deleterious to our health—so it’s highly beneficial to learn to see the humor […]   
As a result, Paul often turns off his ringer so that voice mail picks up, and then agonizes about returning calls later.   
A non-kshatriya does not have to agonize about whether to accept a just war theory or to be a pacifist. 
So also, and more to the point, a good kshatriya has no point in agonizing about whether or not to engage in a just war. 
My advice is not to agonize about this difference in the patient at or near term, since delivery is indicated in either case, which may help resolve the question and avoid progression to pulmonary edema or stroke. 
They fear that if she did secure the nomination, it would almost certainly guarantee a second term for Obama if he seeks it or a first term for Hillary Clinton if he doesn’t. (My own guess is that while Republican leaders are agonizing about how to stop Palin, Democratic party leaders are considering whether or not they should seek to prevail upon Obama to stand down in favour of Hillary).   
I have been agonizing about the balance in my bank account, but applauded myself on the memories and experiences in my life account. 
New entrepreneurs often agonize about how to attract that first client. 
If you agonize about falling asleep, it usually becomes more difficult.   
While McCain's writing his hands about interrogation techniques, and agonizing about how wicked money is, people could very well die.     
We agonize about what the invitations look like and what we write on them. 
Attorneys agonized about email. 
She had agonized about this moment for weeks, months even. 
Rose threw on her robe, and looked him over once more before slipping out of the bedroom to go have a smoke and agonize about him leaving again in a few days. 
“For years, FutureHeights had agonized about what its proper role was,” said Greg Donley, former member of the FutureHeights Board of Directors. 
However, for those like Mary Lou who agonized about her origin for years, access to their records would be freeing not only for them but for their adoptive parents who want their children to be as emotionally well-adjusted as possible.   
The parents of children who are failing in school often guilt themselves about what they may have done wrong, and will agonize about what they can possibly do better.   
Writers still agonize about their ballots, fans still criticize the outcome – it’s heartening to know that everyone still cares. 
For decades, true wildlife managers have agonized about the privatization trend, and have continually asked whether the European model will be an unfortunate inevitability for Wisconsin.   
I do think there is something agonizing about extreme technical proficiency and what it requires of a person to wield. 
I wonder if you agonized about hurting people’s feelings, it is an area that is very hard for a writer.   
Just as we have our own ways of assessing (or agonizing about ) how perfect, faithful or happy we are, businesses haven’t stopped trying to quantify the seemingly unquantifiable. 
She did not flinch nor writhe, nor fret about the afterlife, but stayed! 
So even though every new regulation and every new tax may force thousands, or even tens of thousands, of these borderline businesses under, the fashion of the day is not to care about them , but about whomever the media is willing to fret about .   
The same goes with the future and the decisions you fret about . 
Senior editors fretted about their careers in the Knight-Ridder chain, which owns the Mercury News .   
It's kind of ironic that women, even those who are breathtakingly beautiful, spend 90% of the time fretting about how they look in their bathing suits, while men, including those that are hideously unattractive, never...   
"As fears have grown over the resolution to the Greek debt crisis, markets have started to fret about the substantial presence of Greek banks in Romania -- fears that have weighed on the Romanian currency lately," Chidesciuc added.   
Fixing these “global imbalances” that many pundits fret about requires time travel to change relative fertility rates in the U.S. versus Japan and Continental Europe. 
“It should be sovereigntists in Quebec … who fret about the perils of a narrow ‘Yes’ victory and strive to avoid having to act on it,” she argues. 
In the small white frame house where Kyle Fields is going blind and his wife, Lois, frets about surgery she’s had to put off, the money usually runs out by the end of each month.   
The way I see it, keeping your head in the game concerning the improvement of your personal circumstances is more important than fretting about all the nasty political people.   
The usual approach to Mark's so-called passion narrative has been to regard it as a historical account of what really happened, but then to fret about features of it that are difficult to accept. 
If you give your mind enough to do, it won’t be fretting about whether you’re breathing correctly, and at some point you’ll probably realize that you’ve not been controlling the breathing at all.   
Once you find out that there are people in worse troubles out there, you will stop fretting about your lack.   
Don’t fret about the temperature: The hotel will be introducing heat lamps outside, letting you comfortably enjoy its scenic views into the holiday season. 
When we fret about the past or worry about what to do in the future, we accomplish nothing. 
I’m sure that it has something to do with how I was raised, but the very thought of fretting about how much money other people make relative to what I make has always seemed to me to be grossly impolite, anti-social, pointless, corrosive of one’s character, and in horribly bad taste. 
You fret about evil but your solution is to cast all of it into a purposeless meaningless void where men remain in the dust and their deeds with them. 
The stock of private debt remains very high and policy makers are beginning to fret about the possibility of a genuine Great Depression-style debt deflation leading to another lost decade. 
She followed the Greek back into the single bedroom as Drustan fretted about the Angry Mermaid.   
Yes, there’s always tomorrow to fret about or yesterday to recall. 
Rosenberg frets about job losses that might stem from construction:   
Area blues musicians didn’t fret about it. 
If you are planning a holiday somewhere more exotic, don’t spend time fretting about missing your favourite food while you are away.   
I do not say that this soul is deformed, but it has not attained to perfect beauty, for it worries and frets about so many things, and is bound to be stained to some degree with the grime of worldly affairs. 
While we’re struggling to heat our homes and feed our families, the rich are fretting about whether their automobile collections might be rusting as they sit, unused, in garages as big as a house. [...]     
There is no need for students to fret about their pre-registration choices or changing their minds now -- changes can wait until January 22.   
Well, after our early childhood struggles with potting training and bed wetting, after waking up soaked in cold urine, smelling funny the next morning, and fretting about whether other people would tease and scold us we can hardly help but view urine as "icky". 
The 30-something Londoner who won readers over with her fretting about men and the size of her thighs is back more than a decade later in Helen Fielding’s novel “Mad About the Boy.” 
It’s funny, I was just saying last night that the way I interact with other women in more akin to the way most women interact with men they have crushes on… I over analyze, and fret about whether or not, and why, they like me. ‘she showed me a video from her phone. she’s never shown me anything on her phone before. 
When I am feeling especially harried–flooring it en route to pick up my sons, scrolling through my inbox, willing the train to move more quickly–I try and remind myself (deep inhale) that time is a construct, and therefore I ought not fret about something that is essentially made-up (slow exhale). 
I was fretting about so much that it took away from just being able to love and enjoy this precious time with our daughter. 
(This is also why people fretting about “suggested follows” or slebs on Twitter are missing the point - they’re a training level, don’t worry!)   
When some cultural critics fret about the “ever-more-appalling” YA books, they aren’t trying to protect African-American teens forced to walk through metal detectors on their way into school. 
I was at a little local volunteer-run theater with lots of smallish kids in the audience, and I spent a lot of the movie fretting about whether they were okay, and if their parents had really known what they were in for in terms of bleak grimdark violence and unresolved trauma; I'm not usually one for backseat parenting, but The Hunger Games this was not.)   
A heads-up to those of you still fretting about the alleged evils of gay marriage: The parade has moved on. 
Instead of fretting about how we will make it through each day, Jesus asks us to make an exchange, giving up our useless efforts.   
While the rest of the world has been planning millennium celebrations and fretting about possible Y2K computer glitches for the past two years or more, the Egyptian authorities, confident in the drawing power of the world's most famous monuments, have waited until the last minute to announce their own millennial extravaganza; a12-hour spectacle at the Giza pyramids.   
In the early morning hours, I found myself awake and fretting about some of the things said to me at the cast party. 
Comment: Isn't it good to know that Fox News has the resources to check the expiration date on Valentine's Day candy ( and to fret about transgendered second graders ) but not to spend time say, reporting on the business and financial news of the day? 
At least the woman that lays hold upon And twists a man's balls is not kept till dawn To fret about her fate, how many years She'll be behind bars and to feed her tears With fines. 
Do we sit around fretting about what we lack or how life has dealt us a bad hand of cards? 
Many of our boomer clients fret about this issue and are looking to us, their financial planners, for guidance. 
Don’t fret about copping life’s grand awards. 
Settle down, Vancouver Stephen Hume , writing in the Vancouver Sun , says something that needed to be said: “World-class cities don’t fret about a bit of civil mayhem.” 
Candidates fret about being confused in the rush of the moment, and it does not help that the interview panel maintains a strict demeanor, does not break the ice, and does not shy away from tough questioning. 
This is why I do not fret about Jamie Dimon’s little multi-billion-dollar shortfall at JP Morgan Chase. 
It will bridge the gap before you get the next part of Best Souvenir out – and take my mind off fretting about my IWRY offering… :~(   
While Europeans are fretting about their carbon footprint, Africans are gasping to breathe free under the bootprints of dictators. 
“Wage erosion partly explains why the Federal Reserve Board openly frets about the threat of deflation, a downward spiral in prices that can cripple an economy.” [Time, May 26, 2003]   
Which in turn leads to what you said about male writers in general not fretting about this the way we mothers do. 
Brown, who was 7 when the Second World War ended, remembers rationing, and sometimes -- when the former seminarian is in a San Francisco frame of mind, fretting about "unsustainable" growth and celebrating monastic asceticism -- he seems to regret the end of it. 
After all, with public and private sector funds drying up, non-profit managers all around are fretting about budgets. 
Mingde frets about the cost of medical care...Zhang stares vacantly at the ground as she talks.   
As a child, she fretted about animals losing their habitats. 
The administration fretted about an image problem in the United States, too, because two Americans -- Charles Horman and Frank Terruggi -- were among those executed at the National Stadium. 
Obama has no election to worry about unless he frets about congressional elections in 2014. 
Remember that if you’re only going to use lenses for video, you don’t have to fret about their resolving power nearly as much. 
In fact, before you fret about weaving in those reflective words, first write your compelling stories. 
Who doesn’t fret about their body? 
Don’t fret about letting them go if they’re not winners. 
Women also naturally worry if their babies will be healthy, so they fret over whether or not they are eating the right foods, taking the right vitamins and getting enough exercise. 
Worry stretches into excess though when an expectant mom frets over everything from whether or not to eat the skin of an apple to how long she should wait to take her vitamin after lunch. 
At age eighteen young women tend to fret over the fit of a bathing suit or worry if they can’t get into clothing from the year before. 
Businesses fret over the potential for a catastrophic meltdown of networks. 
They have delivered on their promise, going beyond expectations at this point and this delusional foray into fretting over fickle teenagers who chase fads and don't generate much profits is completely irrational and bound to fade soon.     
Oh gosh, how silly I was to fret over such a minor challenge!! 
(12/19/2006) As Europe frets over climate change and deforestation, threats to "Europe's largest tropical rainforest" are mounting, according to reports from French Guiana. 
On the contrary, with enough self-acceptance, we are not fretting over something fundamental about ourselves that we would like to change. 
Clearly some people need to get a hobby if they feel the need to fret over how much another person spends.   
Just because you have an opinion on something does not mean it bothers you or you are fretting over it. 
The same considerations would apply in all that “endless absorption with meaning” we humanists have been wasting our time fretting over . 
But these look supple and sleek, without making a man look like he frets over the state of his shoes.   
Once a person has decided that sticking to a healthy diet chart on a daily basis is their main goal, they will not unnecessarily fret over their progress in terms of weight loss. 
And, don't fret over the past -- we can't change that. 
At last, a word I could use to express my unease when fellow feminists fretted over the “sexualisation” of young girls or pointed the finger at so-called female chauvinist pigs. 
He dreaded threading the bicycle cart past the Mercedes, fretting over whether the handlebars or sharp corners of the steel firebox would scrape the paint, tensing against the inevitable moment when the left-hand bike pedal would smash into his calf as he pushed his weight against the leading edge of the garage door to gain a few last centimeters of clearance. 
We fret over them. 
There are numerous historical accounts of weather events exactly the same as what these half-wits are fretting over now. 
So we shouldn’t fret over brands and signs and menus but instead focus on our own writing. 
It shows that Egyptians currently fret over issues like the economy, stability, and government corruption more than they worry about the course of the country's democratic transition.   
I fret over making the right choices. 
Back in the 1940s, after the calamitous, German-driven events of the Second World War, the key players in Washington’s corridors of power spent sleepless nights fretting over a terrifying prospect.   
Breakfast 11 –Ten Popular Ways to Lose Lots of Money Thomas Jefferson was brilliant and famous, but spent his last years fretting over his huge debt. 
Hard to remember sometimes as we fret over words and scenes and rising tension. 
So ladies, don’t fret over “OMG WHAT AM I GOING TO WEAR WHEN I STONE THE JAMARAAAAAT???” when you really need to be worrying about, “OMG IS ALLAH GOING TO ACCEPT MY HAJJJJ????”   
But instead of fretting over her love life - or rather, the lack of one - she prefers to seek solace in her J-pop and K-pop idols.   
Hi Lisa & Angela I have definitely spent many years fretting over the past or worrying about the future.   
And while Pale will continue to fret over the countless day-to-day obstacles and make personal sacrifices, she doesn’t lose sight of her larger mission.   
I spent a while fretting over another one of my children. 
Most economic observers were too busy fretting over the lackluster gain of 32,000 payroll jobs in July to take notice of the other positive indicators, let alone the quiet little study that acknowledges payrolls have a problem.   
At 64, he can hardly contain himself as he rails against the war in Iraq and frets over the presidential race. 
When fretting over friends begins Almost every parent worries about some aspect of his or her child’s social life. 
Educationists who were already fretting over the way generations of Pakistani students have been taught skewed history lessons about Islam and Pakistan – at times through state-approved history books – are now worried that the biased and distorted imagery of Muslims and other faiths in text books are being given glamorous currency by certain TV personalities.   
You can lose a lot of hair, and sleep, and weight fretting over all the people in the world who don’t agree with you, or who don’t read what you read, or read what you write. 
He walked away again immediately, and she was left to fret over her own want of presence of mind; Charlotte tried to console her. 
On a run, I fretted over the wind's direction for fear of an accidental gybe. 
At a time when everyone over the age of 28 is looking for that magic nutritional bullet that’s going to stave off disease, promote good digestive health, sustain vital organ function, and maybe, just maybe, impart the gift of eternal life, it’s only natural that creative professionals like you would fret over losing customers to the chain whose menu is, shall we say, a little more vitamin-rich and antioxidant-packed. 
He fretted over the loss of glamour and sophistication, and contemplated making a comeback. 
So we made a call, arranged for the shuttle service to pick us up the next morning, and the rest of the afternoon we lounged about, fretting over whether the bears would come into our campsite.   
"I spent the first three years fretting the crowd and fretting over this and what can we do here," he said. 
So he turned around "quietly" and rode back to Rossville, feeling much better than earlier that afternoon when he fretted over his coming reassignment to the quartermaster corps. 
I was accepted a formerly professed dream job a few months ago and promptly spent the next two weeks fretting over whether or not I should accept it! 
Union leaders fretted over the confusion, which holds up a contract vote.   
Tarps, on the other hand, aren’t a very sexy item to fret over , yet it’s a piece of gear that is essential to anyone carrying a featherweight pack into remote areas. 
I've read articles in Spanish papers back in the day with Spanish observors fretting over a litany of losses in the World Cup and the Euros, brooding if there was something wrong with the way people were raising their sons. 
While FIFA frets over the fake goods, the official merchandise has raised the ire of unions who complain that the multi-coloured national flags and the Zakumi mascot are made in China.   
Fourth, I realize that everything beyond my ability to change is wasteful for me to fret over . 
Even if I didn’t though, considering how album covers became less relevant as they made the switch to smaller and then strictly digital medium, it seems that covers on books would be something people would fret over less rather than more. 
That pattern is one that tells the story of an exalted modern European civilization and frets over how colonialism may possibly mar its innocence. 
So don’t worry, passively-anti-corporate New Yorkers: soon you’ll almost certainly be free to fret over your Frappuccinos without fear of finding shards of broken glass in your whipped cream.   
I may have never played World of Warcraft, but I was a huge gamer when it came to its predecessor, THE role-playing game of the 80′s, D&D. While my charming goblin thief, Delfoss Draco, ran roughshod over unwary NPC’s, my parents fretted over all that time wasted (and classes unwittingly missed). 
My rest, when it does come, is not always peaceful, for I worry and fret over the waves crashing against the hull. 
But, lest we fret over Willie’s fate, we return to Bergen’s house, where Mortimer is sobbing because he liked the silly old giant. 
Even so, they fretted over my whereabouts just like parents would. 
Lately I’ve been fretting over website design–themes, etc. I’ve got a bunch of other things going on that are demanding my attention, so I’ve decided to give myself permission to take a vacation from the blog for a little while until a window opens up where I can work on it and enjoy it.   
Tech companies fret over loss of consumers' trust after NSA revelations ( The Hill - June 24, 2013) The country’s most prominent tech companies, including Google and Facebook, are scrambling to save their reputations with users following the revelations over a National Security Agency surveillance program that monitors Internet traffic to thwart terrorist attacks.   
There’s so much more in the world you should fret over .   
Author is a part of the publishing marketing machine, so I now deal with publicists and authors fretting over how best to publicize their work. 
Look forward to enjoying eons of interaction with fellow hubbers rather than fretting over a possible stalking lawsuit. 
Life is to enjoy not to fret over .   
They're mostly acquaintances and I usually obsess over the person and want them to notice/acknowledge/like me, but if I ever get to be friends with them I lose interest in them as anything more than a casual friend. 
As it turns out they could not have been more wrong as staying in that room with the yellow wallpaper that she kept obsessing over made her more and more insane as the story progressed. 
The months between the visit to the Lovegood house and the trio's capture by Snatchers, in which Harry obsesses over the Deathly Hallows , are omitted, and they do not argue about whether or not the Deathly Hallows really exist. 
I obsessed over the belly butter, however I still have stretch marks on my belly (Probably because of the 60 pound weight gain). 
She is an exceptional analyst whose career was adversely but her propensity for obsessing over an assignment. 
The problem is I am obsessing over the whole situation.   
After all, when there's a shiny new tablet to obsess over , why would anyone want to spend time looking at a product that's already over a year old, price drop or not? 
Many people who have tried to give up fatty foods in favor of healthier choices have found themselves obsessing over cookies or chips. 
I’m not obsessing over it or beating myself up over it but feel it necessary to get down every aspect of these Experiences no matter how personal, uncomfortable or even insane sounding or unflattering as they may be. 
From about 9:40 until 10:05 I obsessed over the two hour time frame, sensing that within this entire obsession was a message about time, somehow interpreting it as meaning that the healing would take time. 
So the idea of obsessing over a person, particularly a person you don’t know well, is fairly alien to me.     
The supreme contradiction, really: that only by obsessing over mine do we create the great ours . 
While most of the American commentariat has been obsessing over the composition of Barack Obamaâ€™s cabinet, some black intellectuals have been continuing a debate I explored in my article “Post-racial kitsch?” in the December issue of Prospect. 
You’ll get out of your head, and away from the endless obsessing over your finances. 
Why do I fill the loneliness of my current life, with obsessing over photos of strangers. 
They didn't obsess over jobs reports or economic releases. 
They didn't try to predict earnings numbers every quarter or obsess over moving averages. 
K. is now totally obsessed over his case, which is now about six months along. 
Being in a relationship I’ve come to a hard realization that the physical things I obsessed over ? 
You start second-guessing your word choices and your characters behave in bizarre ways that they never would have before, and pretty soon you find yourself obsessing over how on earth that book that you helped beta-read ever got sold to a publisher because you told your friend the villain wasn’t cruel enough but he wouldn’t change the way he wrote her, and now that book is out there in the world on bookstore shelves and why isn’t it happening to meeee….   
IPA is made for hop heads, those that smell hops and start to shake, jitter, or obsess over the taste this fine plant imparts on beer. 
Where does Carson Daily obsess over news articles about The Voice? 
You get to obsess over tiny little sounds that you feel need to be there, that are missing and that we have to go back and find.   
But I do not obsess over this sad situation. 
Like Matt Drudge, he obsesses over reports of black criminals with white victims, blaming it on Obama. 
It’s true, many (though definitely not all!) of us obsess over small details or feel perhaps disproportionately frustrated with aspects of our appearances other people barely notice (if they notice at all). 
And it makes me crazy when people obsess over the outside, really it does.   
You shouldn’t obsess over that mole, not because it’s not as big and conspicious as you think it is, but because it doesn’t MATTER.   
It’s not enough to obsess over community feedback (which we do); we also need to surprise and delight you with constant improvements (which we also try and do). 
Lamia was cursed with the inability to close her eyes so that she would always obsess over the image of her dead children. 
I obsess over my OS X menubar, it is always visible on my main monitor so I always want it just right. 
The only reason the liberal media has been obsessing over whether you might run for president is that you would have added to the entertainment value of a Republican race with which they are already getting bored. 
They have alternated from obsessing over the province to not caring at all.   
Let me begin with a confession: I obsess over the first lines of my [...]   
Gatsby was so obsessed over Daisy that he took the blame of a murder for her. 
I currently have sticky notes all over my mirror to remind me that I’m beautiful and to stop obsessing over how I look, but I love the idea of a notebook that is going to stick around for years. 
I always thought it was silly to obsess over aging, but now I understand how it starts to happen. 
It’s the rest of the world that needs to stop judging me and assuming things about me and obsessing over age and appearance.   
I guess there are different ways to epitomize Western individualism, and even though the Ramtha crowd may be on the fringes of the fringe (or maybe it’s the cutting edge ;)), I think her/his/its statements – that there is no God or right and wrong and we are all gods who, as individuals, can literally discover the power within to create our own realities through obsessing over our selves and pursuing self awareness – are anecdotes that can apply to our mainstream individualistic values, at least figuratively.   
Surge Desk has prepared a short guide to the various theories that Loughner subscribed to and obsessed over :   
The day I realized I’d been obsessing over my sales figures way too much was the day I closed my eyes and tried to think about the real reason I am an indie author.   
No. So why do I keep obsessing over my sales stats? 
Other friends have come and gone..I have wondered why, sometimes I have obsessed over it, stalking them on facebook and wondering why I wasn’t good enough for them, or what our other so-called mutual friend was telling her for her not to like me anymore. :shrug:   
Organizations are frequently slowed or even paralyzed as they obsess over agreeing to end states. 
There was a time where I obsessed over sex and wanted nothing more than to lose my virginity. 
Klanklannon has proven nothing more than the depths to which the racist amateur detectives who have spent days obsessing over every aspect of Trayvon Martin’s short life will sink in their horrible quest to vet a dead teenager.   
When we were little, we had this crazy old-school cake recipe book that had come free with (of all things) the Australian Womens Weekly magazine, and my brother and I would obsess over its pages for MONTHS before our birthdays, planning and plotting about which cake we'd get my mum to make. 
HOWEVER my son is a sweet freak, and if he gets just a bit of sweet such as fruit or honey then he'll obsess over it. 
I think the reason it worked so quickly is because you didn't obsess over it. 
And here's the thing--I don't go so far as to actively obsess over them to the point where I won't even give a new character a chance .   
The lessons always sank in, whether I was busy eating or obsessing over catching foul balls.   
These egotistical chest-thumpers obsess over converting difficult, ornery, low-value prospects, but more sensible colleagues are cultivating relationships with the right prospects that stand to benefit immensely from the company's product or service. 
I’ll obsess over one game (during my post-grad program, it was Borderlands), but make sure that I complete all the challenges possible (and try and try and try and try for the ones that involve a level of hand-eye coordination I don’t have). 
If I don't make a recommendation site, I will obsess over it for WEEKS. 
If a certain movie or television programme causes me to obsess over something potentially sinful, I may act against the tendency to watch it. 
Sadly for me, but luckily for you, I obsess over new trends and I start putting together my seasonal wish lists before the models even leave the runways at fashion week.   
I am a giant nerd who obsesses over technology, comedy, comics, pop-culture, food, and ties. 
I obsess over it. 
Obsessing over issues of personal identity, I became increasingly disengaged throughout the year, both socially and academically.   
The fear engendered through the invocation of threats (real and imagined),creates a climate where rights are ignored as the unifying cause for obsessing over national security and the use of fear by the government to control the public and private agenda.   
She was fine to start the story but the longer they made her stay in that room, where there was nothing for her to look at but the yellow wallpaper, the crazier she got as she began to obsess about it. 
"I've never been so obsessed about anyone else before and I am very serious about being his fan.   
If you carry on obsessing about not having this girl romantically, you run the risk of including ‘not having this girl romantically’ into your vibration, and as you have already experienced, if you include the lack of this relationship into your vibration, you will manifest not having this romance into your reality.   
Oh, by the way, why is Moscow so obsessed about Kosovo? 
Vincent van Gogh obsessed about shoes, old shoes, work shoes, peasant shoes, worn and cracked. 
It will show up in your life somehow, but you mustn't obsess about it. 
You don’t get to obsess about rights when your life is chaos. ( There’s a tangible, moral struggle to get everyone inside the tent, to create that circumstance for everyone, and until that struggle is over the country can’t be called a legitimate success.) But then there’s this woman, clearly as privileged as I am, who chooses from fear to thrust away the gift. 
The DSM should "focus on the needs" of the pedophile, and should have "a minimal focus on social control," rather than obsessing about the "need to protect children."   
And when the news media – both right-wing and mainstream – isn’t operating with pro-Bush blinders on, they’re obsessing about some inconsequential story. 
All this is why we started Consortiumnews.com in 1995, because we believed even then that an honest news alternative with high professional standards was necessary to counter what was emerging as a national news media that veered from goofy to harmful, from obsessing about O.J. Simpson to helping the right wing wage war on Bill Clinton’s presidency.   
Polly Campbell is paid to obsess about food, but she would anyway. 
Pope Francis has give anyone that would rather avoid such unpleasantness an out with his [paraphrased] “poor people and old folks are our top priority” and “we shouldn’t obsess about abortion and the escalating persecution of Christians by sodomites.” . 
That is an Asperger’s feature, and I believe is one of the reasons why Aspies have these focuses that they are really obsessed about . 
Aside from it being crack-up funny, I appreciated the reminder about how arbitrary the few things that I do obsess about are. 
Not that I approve of Polanski’s deranged act, but neither do I obsess about it, in these times of unlawful wars, predator drones, official torture, and citizens’ assassination for speech crime. 
Ultimately, the irony is that the only people here obsessed about sex are themselves, and the question has to be asked why? 
And as people, they seem to be spending their days obsessing about homosexuality.   
Lars Ramslie's Fatso , about a lonely man in his 30s who obsesses about sex, was commended. 
It may also be true that some men have gone to the other extreme, obsessing about personal hygiene to what might once have been considered an 'unmanly' extent.   
It obsesses about grouplets (class mainly, but there’s a tendency for Marx’s anti-semitism also to be emulated). 
It’s been downhill ever since It’s refreshing to find your website and read about these things, even as I become one of those circle of women in their 50s you hung out with and ponder the fact that if you don’t have a lot of looks to lose as you get older, you don’t obsess about it so much!   
And all I can do is obsess about this bulge and that flubber.   
The patient indicated that in this respect she is much like her mother and, despite numerous adversities, has decided that she simply has to get on with life and do whatever she can rather than worry or obsess about issues.   
So many women and girls obsess about becoming or staying thin, but this is forced on us by society. 
Don’t teach them to obsess about their weight they way you have.   
That article seriously woke me up; the part where you say “this is your body…stop obsessing about losing that 20 pounds….this is your body.” 
Lucette was a little too obsessed about research; his passion made him a great CEO. 
But instead of obsessing about junior high school gym class and the state of my manliness, I channeled all my worry into wax. 
That is our makeup, and yet we obsess about the physical body.   
This week I’ve been obsessing about one thing. 
The same thing I and numerous other crew members obsess about at this time every year – December schedules. 
And even if they get into it, they get good at it and can thrive but are less likely to obsess about it and take it home, contribute to FOSS projects, and subject themselves to the stress of startup life. 
I've been meaning to pick this up for Charlotte for ages (well, since we obsessed about the first Dr. Dog book and found out that there was a sequel). 
While our community may be noting with discomfort the peculiar affiliations or view of a number of Ron Paul’s prominent supporters, that doesn’t mean that he is viewed favorably by those who dedicate themselves day in and day out to obsessing about Teh Ghey. 
In my space time, I like to obsess about my sports teams, find time to cook, and enjoy my bike.   
We of the tech-culture elite tend to obsess about efficiency. 
So can we please stop obsessing about future budget deficits? 
They're distracting our attention from what we should be obsessing about - jobs and growth.   
And yet we obsess about things that bother us.   
But when a parent comes in with their child for evaluation of tummy aches I often find that the parent has been quite anxious about what is causing their child’s stomachaches, and they are now obsessing about it. 
We need to stop obsessing about the technology and get back to the telling compelling stories to each other.   
No amount of obsessing about hyper-inflation and run-away prices will ever help the Germans to come close to the essence of the world’s most important economic lesson. 
Some days I’d give anything to not be obsessed about my weight and just have a problem with something else INSTEAD of my weight. 
Obsessing about the Chinese currency allows American leaders to not explain to us that China’s economic expansion is financed by its giant banks, the world’s largest. 
They are obsessed about finance and getting ahead personally. 
Andrew obsesses about the technical side of filmmaking when all I really care about is a good story told well. 
Most likely your Sagittarius date does not daydream and obsess about romance the way some women do. 
It appears that, having picked the battle ground it has chosen to fight on/ obsess about , the Church is now losing the airwar. 
These two girls are growing up without their mother, not sure whether she lives or dies, or will ever return to them, but rather than obsess about her, Maggie feels her way deeply along. 
And honestly who the heck has spare time to obsess about every last thing that goes into their kid’s mouth? 
It also gets us out of the “emotional” side of our brain if we go too deep into grief, crying, or obsessing about someone or something.   
And there were things that I became obsessed about . 
I don't really embed myself so completely as you do in porn sites, but then again, I've actually been with a woman other than in fantasy, which a guy who obsesses about fine print on web sites that he frequents probably hasn't managed, not on that Walmart salary you're making. 
While the media obsess about the duration of Kate’s labour pains, her breast-feeding plans, her post-baby weight loss regime and the order of the bath/shower at Bucklebury, there is something about His Royal Highness The Prince George of Cambridge which merits rather more attention than all this tedious tabloid trivia.   
There’s no one thing, no universal panacea, that works best for everyone and stops us from obsessing about the shade that is the R200 million odd spent on one man’s compound (are we allowed to call it that again?). 
I’m obsessing about Hal’s saying that he believes “with Hegel,that transcendence is absorption.” 
We're turning into a nation of idiots whining or being obsessed about the population/war/economy/politics/reality tv crap and NOT doing anything to solve it but argue to no end over it. 
Truro Cathedral, photo credit: Flickr I obsess about trip planning. 
Gamblers obsess about big money and care little about risks. 
One of the threads of this 100-day process was the realization that strangely, for people who obsess about digital end-user experience on behalf of our clients, we had for years neglected the end-user experience of working at BSD. 
Young humans will grieve over losses which more experienced adults would consider minor or even trivial. 
When men have not lived so as to earn the esteem of good men, why do they not see and grieve over their own fault but blame the world that refuses to esteem them?   
We're overwhelmed that You would have chosen us for Your kingdom, that You would have by the Holy Spirit convicted us of sin and righteousness and judgment and broken us against Your law, that You would have caused us to grieve over our sin and to humble ourselves and cry out for a righteousness we did not have. 
The trio then go over to the Weasleys, who are all devastated over Fred Weasley 's death, with Ron and his mother grieving over Fred's body. 
I still grieved over the loss of his physical presence but, I didn’t feel he was lost to me forever. 
We grieved over the horrific testament of cruelty and greed displayed on television. 
He’s still grieving over what might have been. 
God is good and has a sense of humor like that, and I'm so grateful that he took me from grieving over what isn't to rejoicing in what is .   
Then in the mid-nineteen nineties, one day I found myself praying in my local parish church, deeply grieving over the devastated condition that is my particular Church–the Church in Canada–and for all the associated troubles of raising a large family in an anti-life society, moreover as a Christian painter, which is a difficult calling at any time in history. 
He’s grieving over the sorry state of research in psychiatry. 
I can be completely joyful and grateful for today, while still grieving over yesterday. 
The actual moments of assassinations are not shown; the grieving over the dead son is not lingered over but comes at a respectful distance. 
A Dalit woman grieves over the property damage at her house in Natham colony in Naikkankottai on Friday. 
We grieve over his passing, but we are thankful for his contribution to the service of the Department of Commerce and to the nation."   
We grieve over his passing, but we are thankful for his contribution to the service of the Department of Commerce and to the Nation.   
Pass through the midst of Jerusalem, and write the sign Tau on the foreheads of the men who groan and grieve over all the enormities which are done in their midst. 
We grieve over the tragic loss to God and mankind of another faithful worker in the mission to build the Kingdom of God.   
Ava pretends to grieve over Andy's death   
Parents would feel free to let the coach know anything we feel will affect our child's participation, such as stress in his home life or school, the fact that he has chronic asthma , that he is grieving over the death of a family pet or has to miss a game to attend a family wedding. 
At the center of the panel stands a mournful and obviously male horse grieving over a mound that contains a miniature person. 
We grieve over the senseless slaughter of 20 grade school students, but who publicly grieves over the annual slaughter of millions of innocents in their mother's wombs? 
We grieve over the senseless slaughter of 20 grade school students, but who publicly grieves over the annual slaughter of millions of innocents in their mother's wombs? 
They weren't even showing enough concern about her upcoming wedding because they were grieving over her sister.   
Who grieved over the men and women that played the best friends, second messengers, army nurses, hit men, and university professors? 
"Thoughtful feminists are starting to grieve over the downstream consequences of sexual freedom," he said.   
I love them, but My heart is grieved over the standing of the majority of the church. 
The man said: “Because everyone there was grieving over the loss of another person. 
May 27 : An unidentified woman grieved over the body of Mohsin Ali Sheikh, a one-and-a-half-year-old boy killed in clashes between rebels and Col. Moammar Gadhafi’s forces, as the child was prepared for funeral in Misrata, Libya. 
In addition we put together a team to provide staff bereavement rounds, to offer psychosocial support for health care providers who are grieving over patient losses.   
We therefore formed a team consisting of the head chaplain, the palliative care nurse practitioner, and an oncology social worker to provide psychosocial support for health care providers who are grieving over patient loss. 
Desmond Tutu still grieves over the manner in which only a few leaders in the ANC benefited from their newly discovered wealth and privilege.   
This is a question that inerrantists rarely address, so Mr. Miller can talk forever about "a very incisive view of God's heart" in reference to the alleged biblical flood, but if this deity was really so grieved over the condition of morality on the earth at that time, he had only himself to blame. 
Baltasar de Gallegos answered him in the name of all, and first consoling him, spoke to him of how brief was the life of this world and of how many hardships and sufferings; that he who earliest left it, to him God showed signal mercy; saying to him [also] many other things proper at such a time; and lastly, that since God was pleased to take him to himself, although his death, with much reason they greatly grieved over , it was necessary and proper for him as it was for all to conform to the will of God. 
Still grieving over a failed romance, Hattie takes over the care of her hospitalised psychotic sister, Min's, children -- eleven-year-old chatterbox, Thebes, and silent teenage boy, Logan. 
The use of a person like a drug is not something to grieve over . 
I've done a lot of reading on grieving over the loss of a pet, and your feelings of guilt and disappointment are very common. 
Grieving over a lost one is normal, but may seem like the end. 
“We grieve over this unfortunate and painful incident. 
Grieving over a pet, friend, or family member is a natural, inevitable process. 
You have grieved over your lost loved ones.   
If he experienced such terrible suffering, what defense will you have for groaning and grieving over ailments with will last only for a time?   
Explore the dark fantasies we all dream up as Christian (Peter Marshall) grieves over the suspicious death of his teenage daughter. 
However, I was equally grieved over the fact that the very thing I pray for The Church nationally - unity around Jesus as our priority in spite of our theological, political, and other differences - was challenging in our own existence as 'just one of God's churches.' A number of folks simply could not find a way to worship and fellowship in unity with us as a politically diverse congregation (meaning: we basically reflect the party affiliation of our zip code at LFC-H - majority conservative, very significant number of progressives, among 28078 and the Christians and spiritual explorers who come to Lake Forest ). 
I also want to add that grieving over lost pets is another area where people just don’t understand, these are also very real bereavements and can be as hard to bear as the loss of human loved ones is.   
Allow yourself to grieve over the loss of your unhealthy eating habits and then let it go!   
This isn’t the nicest thought of them having to worry about money when they are grieving over a loved one.   
I grieve over them on long winter evenings. 
Whereas SCOBA and all Orthodox Christian faithful throughout the world are deeply grieved over the continuation of acts of vandalism, pillage and violent destruction that have damaged or destroyed over 120 Orthodox Christian churches, monasteries, and shrines, as well as the desecration of numerous Orthodox Christian graves, since the war in Kosovo ended in June 1999;   
But Britain, still angry and grieving over loss of its sordid empire, still fighting the 13th century Hundred Years War with France, seems to get more and more nationalistic. 
The way of religion is not to grieve over suffering but to pray that evil thought may not get a foothold in the mind in moments of distress. 
She could say nothing to Bice about the matters which a little while before, when all was well, she had grieved over and objected to. 
What does his act say about his feelings toward Eve and about his grieving over Tara? 
They are genuinely grieved over the liberal state of Yale Divinity School, a situation that has existed for about a century now. 
Grieving over years   
Va. Beach pastor grieves over losses of Filipinos   
As protectors and defenders of animals for more than 136 years, we grieve over the loss of any living creature. 
This suggests that fathers, then, are grieving over their belated need for their children rather than over the loss of their children, much like the story Harry Chapin recounts in his song, Cat’s in the Cradle.   
And now I find that with this item of weather reports, I am emerging from the region of letters I abhor into the region of letters which I love, or which I lovingly grieve over for some small minor cruelty. 
A man repents not merely when he grieves over his misdeed, but when he confesses it and seeks to make what amendment he can. 
I grieve over them on long winter evenings!” – Humphrey Bogart as Philip Marlowe in The Big Sleep   
Therefore it is nothing to be angry or to be grieved about , though any one should inquire, should think, should utter his thoughts about divine things; since what is wanted is not the authority of the arguer, but the truth of the argument itself: and even the more unskilled the discourse, the more evident the reasoning, since it is not coloured by the pomp of eloquence and grace; but as it is, it is sustained by the rule of right.   
“Lizzie,” he answered, “there are some deaths so beautiful and so full of peace, that no one ought to grieve about them, for they bring eternal rest after a life that has been only bitter disquiet and heaviness. 
When my longterm wife decided that she wanted her "freedom," I learned first-hand what so many of my male clients had grieved about in my private psychologist office -- the absolute loss of power to control the two most important things in one's life, parenting privilege and the fruits of one's own labor. 
Polio left Dart a wheelchair user, but he never grieved about this. 
Judges 21:6-14 The Israelites felt grieved about the Benjamites. 
It all happens so fast that I barely have time to grieve about them!   
Don't grieve about me. 
The first thing you should keep in mind is that it is okay to feel sad and grieve about what happened and that you are not stupid for doing so. 
As reassuring as this article is for those who don’t know, I can tell you that it is sad to me to think about even one minute spent grieving about what “won’t” be- such wasted energy compared to the complete and overwhelming joy you receive when you find out that smiles and hugs abound, music is in your life forever, and the world is, indeed, kind. 
We all have our turn, and it only weakens us when our turn comes to have always been grieving about things we couldn't help. 
The Sky is Everywhere by Jandy Nelson – Lennie’s sister dies and she grieves about it. 
So far from being grieved about it, we will make it our principal light; if it were a fruit-tree in spring-blossom, instead of a desolate mill, we could not make it whiter or brighter; we illumine our whole picture with it, and exult over its every rent as a special treasure and possession. 
And the Imaduddin who grieved about injustice at home could travel without pain to Muslim despotisms abroad. 
“What the Five Emperors passed along, what the Three Kings fought over, what the benevolent man grieves about , what the responsible man labors over – all is no more than this! 
Around 1800, in diaries, parents more openly grieved about the loss of a child, which indicated both a change of literary conventions and changes in the way emotions were felt and expressed. 
I am so very much grieved about it. 
@Jezebella: Well technically, if she drops dead, the English press will delight in running memorials and people will grieve about it and then feel better about themselves. 
Secure the right to organize and be represented, grieve about working conditions, strike, get fair compensation for injuries and have secure pension and retirement benefits. 
Nobody in Dallas seems to be grieving about the Mavs' passing on Duke phenom Grant Hill. 
My mother passed away when I was 17 and I guess I never really grieved about it. 
And then there are those that begin by asking me not to grieve about the sender because we all have to die some day ... 
Ken, who do you think you are to tell me what I will find offensive and what I will grieve about ? 
I used it with Noam not long ago when something he cared about (but had little responsibility for) disappeared: "Are you so deeply grieved about the... [whatever]?" 
He’s grieving about the loss of the life he had. 
"Love thy neighbor" is not 'love thy neighbor in Africa' but 'love thy neighbor whom is next to you.' I should say that we ought to be grieved about what is happening, but then, the whole cosmos groans as well. 
Yet we all live as if we were permanent and grieve about those bodies that have already submitted to the law of nature, as if it were something unexpected.   
We had profound problems comforting those grieving about the loss of loved ones. 
I was grieved about the tragic mistake of Jesus crucifixion, and I wanted to liberate His suffering heart.   
During my lunch break last week, I listened to a coworker of mine grieve about talking to disgruntled customers. 
A letter reportedly issued by the Haqqanis in 2008 grieving about the loss of Taliban commander Mullah Dadullah Lang called on the Taliban forces to replace Mullah Omar and other Taliban leaders in Quetta. 28 While the letter praised Pakistani Taliban leader Baitullah Mehsud, Siraj Haqqani has repeatedly voiced loyalty to Mullah Omar.     
He said, "It is time to stop grieving about Anne, and to rejoice in her life."   
You can see this happening in many women who have aborted, who are grieving about it years after. 
This monument was a stature of a soldier grieving about his dead friends, not a stature of Stalin, for example. 
Joachim and Anna had no children, and all their life they grieved about this, especially since they were now in old age. 
I venture to say he has got up the masquerading properties already; it's a pity there isn't a coronation or something at hand; and I suppose he'll put up a [Pg 169] monument to my dear friend Arthur—a mangy old dog he was, you'll allow me to say, though he was my friend, and very kind to me; and I, the most grateful fellow he ever met; I've been more grieved about him than any other person I can remember, upon my soul and honour—and a devilish dirty dog he was."   
The Filipino people are also victims of the long inept corrupt politicians and are also grieving about thi ssad incident. 
You can trust him to do what pays him and the Emir.' Johnson goes to Waziri, who is surprised to hear of his difficulty and grieved about the Treasury predicament. 
Going home, I shed a few tears, grieving about things, not sorry for you. 
To this day I am still grieving about her. 
When I had the vision of the ball of light I had been feeling sad and grieving about his loss.   
It is similar to “Do not grieve about your life on earth, rather concentrate on where you’re heading”. 
4.16 “Even if he should have gone too far in avoiding them (the evils of life) and have unnecessarily sacrificed pleasures, nothing has really been lost; for all pleasures are illusory, and to grieve about having missed them would be frivolous and even ridiculous.   
Julie had evidently forgotten what she was grieving about , even though she remembered having somehow grieved; everyone else in the enclosure remembered too but life went on.   
He was, however, deeply grieved about the other door. 
“Being colleagues for more than 17 years, we are deeply grieved about passing away of Arujunan. 
I was also grieving about my broken promise to God not to pray before idols anymore.   
The villagers were very much grieved about their leaving. 
There is a relative in my family who was likewise never able to have children, and to this day,even in her older years, she is grieved about never having had a baby.   
I thought my neighbor would invite me to sit down for dinner out of courtesy but I could see that my neighbor was grieved about something and wanted to avoid inviting me for dinner.   
Krishna concludes the first part of his argument saying “As the Self is avyakta, acintya and nirvikaara, you should not grieve about it.” (25) Thus Krishna beautifully brings the argument back to the opening verse “wise men do not grieve.” (11).   
My spirit however was grieved about the manipulation I saw before me.   
One should never initiate hostilities, but recognise in the heat of battle that the battle itself is something to grieve about …. 
You see he was grieving about his wife and the kids. 
And as each one realizes the adequate influence and the blessings and benedictions, which hail from it, they will not grieve about death, but accept it as a beneficial Holy Sacrament, which the spirit receives. 
We may well ask, Did God design and order the sin, and then be grieved about it? 
They grieve about unfulfilled promises and poor services, and candidly sing praise to achievements.   
Aunt Josephine felt so grieved about her death but my dad went over it quickly and his greatest concern was me. 
Spirits in the cosmos do love their relatives which they left behind, and nobody on earth is able to realise how much they grieve about those of their loved-ones ho choose the wrong path, who are more concerned about their short-lived, temporal life on earth, than with their Eternal Life and Eternal Bliss in the cosmos. 
Pastors today grieve about being unable to involve the "laity." without ever considering that it is the very system of dividing Christians into two classes that is to blame.   
The news of the martyrdom of Shaykh Muhammad Sa’id Ramadan al Bouti (May his soul rest in peace) his grandson Ahmad, along with 40 students of Islamic knowledge massacred in the al Iman Masjid in Damascus, has indeed dug deep into the heart of this Ummah, who grieves about the senseless and violent killing of a great scholar of the deen. 
Mercury is going retrograde in Aries so try not to fret about arguments in the past and keep hold of your temper. 
SO best. i'll be hitting good ole I-94 in less than three hours! this is shaping up to be one of the best weekend's of my life. especially because i discovered that i have some famous fans. got an email this morning from a celeb that shall go nameless at this time, but needless to say it was best. good ego boost. and don't fret about a lack of PHC tomorrow, I'll be posting live from chicago. so much T-Mobile Hot Spot buzz is gonna be revealed.   
This also means that the wearer doesn’t want to fret about taking off his/her contacts earlier than going to bed.   
He also taught us not to fret about our personal needs but to lay up treasure in heaven (Mt. 6:19-21, 31-34). 
But these days it is the left that is unhappy with the programming mix and fretting about a right-wing conspiracy.   
If fretting about your career is affecting your professional performance and personal life, it may be time to consider a career change.     
Instead of fretting about overpopulation and impending scarcity, though, we should consider the fate of Western European countries, where birthrates have been in decline for years. 
If those worries echo ones heard today, perhaps historians are prone to needless fretting about the state of their discipline; but there do seem to be legitimate reasons for concern. 
In 2003 Benjamin Netanyahu openly fretted about the Demographic Bomb of higher Arab than Jewish fertility rates, saying that if the percentage of Arab citizens of Israel rises much above its current level of 20%, Israel will lose its Jewish identity. 
And to all the Members of Parliament, please do your job (you are supposed to be our eye and ear) and stop fretting about 4x4s.   
People, it’s time to stop fretting about whether we’re a celebrity-obsessed culture—we are, we have been, we’re going to be—and instead take practical steps to clean up the celebrity-obsessed culture we’ve got...     
This is the beauty of Deloitte RAB – had I not been signed up I would not have striven for 2 hours cardio per day out here and now I’m fretting about how to make it up to my bike and legs. 
Ditching the promise to “serve… my country” at a time when we are fretting about our lack of national identity and loyalty seems foolish. 
Justin helped me hobble around the city as I fretted about the outcome. 
Conversely, Anglo-saxon financiers seem to ignore LTV as a component of the system, while fretting about leveraging ratios of their banks. 
Don’t fret about calling me Julia – I think I prefer it!   
Mark Twain understood that it was pointless to fret about the future when he said, I am an old man and have known a great many troubles, but most of them never happened.   
The equilibrium of the marriage is upset and, the distancer, upset with the change of the status, frets about losing what was and frequently becomes the pursuer.   
Fretting about the future.   
As horrible as the coverup, as horrible of the Paterno culture of fear that made janitors afraid for their jobs if they reported children being raped in their showers, more disgusting was the utter lack of compassion shown by Paterno and his bosses for the children being raped while he fretted about the “image” of his football program.   
People like to fret about Florida's thin front line, and a road game against an opponent molded along Izzo lines is as good a time as any for that fret.   
No need to fret about what basic skill is going to get short shrift because we’re talking about sensors.   
Unfortunately, because the press tends not to publicize this correction, many church leaders continue unnecessarily fretting about regaining the lost young people.   
While fretting about her performance in front of scout and music insiders, Scarlett ( Clare Bowen ) spends some time with Avery ( Jonathan Jackson ) and old passions reunite. 
Another opposite is the tendency to fret about evil rather than respond to it with good. 
So don't fret about it. 
Every time there’s a dip in the stock market or a big company falls into dire straits, you can hear people fretting about three things: debt, the mortgage, and the value of their 401(k). 
Maybe self-improvement, exercise, art, music, whatever… because there’s nothing worse than having time on your hands and using it to fret about something you cannot currently change. 
It was Friday night, I was sitting in the family room in Waco fretting about how I need to get these homebirths in (the deadline has been extended for me). 
I am saddened to hear many of my elderly, frail patients fret about being an emotional and financial burden on their families. 
We can’t fret about what we can’t control. 
He frets about increased use of the drug, and continues, “[S]teady use isn’t always so harmless: it can limit educational attainment, and with it economic mobility, to an extent that mirrors the impact of growing up in a single-parent home.” 
I could spend my time fretting about that dip, or I could focus on the fact that I started at 20 and I’m still trending up. 
The hope is that you have good people around you that can make a lot of money so you don’t have to fret about being extremely poor and needing Medicaid services.   
TL;DR How can I convince an asexual partner that they do not need to fret about sexually pleasing me?   
I fretted about being added to Armstrong’s small town gossip rife with teen pregnancies and popular girls gone fat. 
I know that with this training I have committed myself to an insane amount of miles and where I fear that might take a toll on my body, I also fret about the time it will consume and what that will do to my budding social life.   
We shouldn’t ask, for instance, “What if school closes for a month-long snow delay?” when fretting about an upcoming math test. (You can tell I didn’t grow up in Washington, DC, where we now know school can close for a month-long snow delay.) My teacher, Ms. Muldown, was simply instilling in students the discipline to be realistic when assessing any given situation.   
You will never have to fret about not having the time to post because your program is running continuously. 
Even before the ‘I’s had been dotted and the ‘T’s crossed on Greece’s debt swap and its second international rescue package, markets had started to fret about something else: that old chestnut, oil prices.   
This was preferable to fretting about imagined rejection or gloating about imagined acceptance. 
Don’t fret about needing help, and don’t ake it personally when people are slamming welfare recipients…..thy are not talking about you!   
Along with Ellie and Awesome's adventure and Chuck's fretting about the curse of his family taking Sarah and his other love ones down with him we also get Alex ( Mekenna Melvin ) helping Morgan ( Joshua Gomez ) retrieve Chuck's P.A.N.T.S. (the one thing he needs if he were to go on the run with Sarah). 
Her class had spent the last two months fretting about the rain forest. 
Your life is no longer spilling away while you fret about what is enough or what to choose or how to feel good about what you are doing!   
Our IT services will release you approximately concentrate on running your business, not fretting about your IT infrastructure. 
The financial media often frets about higher rates, but Foolish investors can prepare for them and invest accordingly.     
If the Active Directory teams aren’t massively concerned with the strictness of their server file system permissions, it may not be worth fretting about this too much – but in my experience this is rarely the case. 
It’s easy to get frustrated with lower energy levels or body limitations or to fret about whether I’ll ever get back to the pre-pregnancy race pace I worked so hard to achieve – so exercising for two means a priority shift.   
Some months ago, I wrote a short piece for the e-zine, Reformation 21, about the tendency of Reformed Christians over the last twenty or so years to be rather embarrassed about their heritage and to be continually fretting about whether they are relevant or not...Well, if Time magazine is to be believed, the worrier children can stop wringing their hands...     
Don't fret about the Draft of the Field Target date just yet - stress over the essentials. is a big assistance, with exceptional content making the organization incrediblyaccessible. 
A formal study by the RAND Corporation - a paragon of establishment respectability - was fretting about an alleged Soviet plot for starting World War III. 
The media relentlessly covers small moments that ensure viewership, even as its executives fret about the trend toward style over substance.   
With the right tools, and a few helpful ideas, you’ll be spending your time celebrating the season instead of fretting about the cleaning.   
Celine is deciding whether to accept a new, more demanding job, while Jesse frets about the geographic and emotional distance separating him and his son.   
Each year, cooks across the country fret about how to cook it. 
The campaign that seemed eternal finally comes to an end today, and still we fret about a replay of 2000 and 2004, when Election Day was not the end, but only an escalation of months-long worries and anxieties.   
Voters “hired” the Obama team to lead the country, not fret about possible retaliation. 
Then be at peace with your thoughts and think about what you saw or heard, do not all the same fret about it stay relaxed and focused.     
Not really, as if I am Instagraming a photo I’m hardly fretting about its crispness given that I am about to Sepia its brains out, but even still, it would be nice to have the same flow that I have on other platforms. 
When I was younger I used to fret over my nose…it was too big…I hated it…it looked like my Mom’s…it was too big (Oh I said that already!). 
I'm also starting to think that if people didn't know Stanley Kubrick was once originally behind the picture, then I think they wouldn't be fretting over it, ( Kubrick handed down his idea of "A.I" to Steven Spielberg before he died.) Some people say Kubrick would have done a better job. 
Even worse, I know I will still fret over their opinions and allow them to affect my course of actions.   
Kitty is already fretting over both of us and our children. 
No need to fret over the novel idea of public participation, he says. 
While many other astronomers were fretting over the unpredictability of comets, Marsden remained firm. 
Mrs Hale took a turn for the worse, deteriorating her health by fretting over her daughter's deteriorating marriage prospects.   
Like leaving a voice mail for a dear friend, don’t over think it or fret over not saying the right thing. 
While it’s understandable to fret over situations beyond your control, there are many retirement solutions that are completely within your power to do something about:   
There was no need to fret over it. 
They fret over the correct usage of words like “whom” and “thereof”. 
Undoubtedly, those not making light measurements will fret over calcium concentrations or pH levels, while leaving light intensity levels unchecked. 
It is irrational to fret over circumstances that do not exist, such as one's state in death in the absence of an afterlife.   
In an era when many claim they are spiritual but not religious and turn away from institutions, authority and text, Agape seems to meet their longing for connection and celebration without fretting over theological niceties or doctrinal demands on faith or practice. 
The look on Laurie's face left me in no doubt that she was still fretting over what was to come.   
That means no fretting over what needs to go under the turkey skin (gross) or how long beforehand you should start thawing your bird. 
Even now we are free from rebirth so why fret over the misery of it?   
I fretted over whether it was a good idea. 
In the Singapore market, gold was stuck below $1,300 on November 12, trading near a three-and-a-half week trough as investors fretted over the timing of the US Federal Reserve’s stimulus tapering, and as physical demand was not strong enough to provide a price floor.   
Yes, there is little point in fretting over our past. 
The carry over lost-ball-land is short on the next hole too, meaning only an idiot still fretting over a previous disaster could fall prey. 
I’ve never been particularly preoccupied with my ‘success’ as a blogger, but there’s still something a little disheartening about watching your stats fall, sweating and fretting over a layout that doesn’t seem quite right, posting day after day without comment.   
Edward Witten was back in his home town of Baltimore this week, gently fretting over the lack of recent progress in his effort to draw a basic blueprint of the universe.   
I have brainstormed, fretted over , revised, and loved my story. 
Since my mom has been over everyday helping me out with my little man and making sure I eat a proper dinner, I thought I’d do her a favor and write an intro to HER delicious quiche recipe, since she’d been fretting over finding the time. 
Fretting over the future represents the 3rd least popular activity in modern society. 
The yield differences aren't enough to be fretting over .   
The attorney general admonished those who fret over Â“the phantoms of lost libertyÂ” because those who would make such complaints only serve to Â“aid terrorists Â– for they erode our national unity and diminish our resolve.Â” These signs of dissent Â“give ammunition to America's enemies, and pause to America's friends,Â” Ashcroft said at congressional hearings in December 2001.   
We’ve never fretted over budget deficits, at least if they finance tax cuts to promote growth or spending to win a war. 
Buried beneath the fretting over whether the renewed conflict would kill talks between Israel and the relatively moderate leadership of the Palestinian Authority were hints that it could in fact bolster the negotiations, if only by marginalizing Hamas. 
People, including world class cartoonists, waste hours and hours fretting over the "novel" half of the term "graphic novel" because what about non-fiction or short story collections or non-narrative work or autobio or whatever, but no one cares how big your " mini -comic" is.   
Nothing to fret over too much,   
The problem with allegory is that there will always be things that don't fit for us to fret over .   
While end-user organisations fret over how they are going to adopt BYOD policies and cloud services without compromising security, the communications services that make it all possible are being somewhat taken for granted. 
Elsewhere at BBRU an anguished activist/campaigner frets over how to achieve meaningful change . 
The last word goes to a Publicly Militant Sociologist , fretting over the Meaning of Sheds :   
Don’t fret over him. 
It's very comfortable to hold, though, and we're not fretting over the build quality.   
Each with diplomats at all levels fretting over forms allocating the time of every member of the FCO in miscroscopic percentages to each of the seven/eight/nine/ten/four Priorities/Goals, rather than just getting out there hard to promote British interests.   
Yet many Western governments fret over the "plight" of gays, even as Christians around the globe are losing their right to witness to the healing and redeeming power of God through Jesus Christ. 
Then there is the editing, the revisions and the fretting over details.   
One should not fret over or fetishize them. 
The hilarity of this interview is that Dabashi at one point says "One should not fret over or fetishize" these "comprador intellectuals". 
Don't fret over them?   
Many game-makers fret over the medium's artistic legitimacy. 
They spend more time fretting over “what colour is my parachute?” than doing any actual work. 
Rather than fretting over the left's rise in general, the rest of the world should focus on fostering the former rather than the latter -- because it is exactly what Latin America needs.   
Higher-ed officials continue to fret over a perceived paucity of government spending, but what if that is yesterday’s battle? 
Fretting over what your ‘niche’ is or why you even want one   
I’ve seen plenty of experts and clients fret over their SEO. 
How to Benefit from The Mind-Body Connection Dr. Bernie Siegel, author of "Love, Medicine and Miracles" was once a distraught surgeon who fretted over his inability to effectively serve his cancer patients. 
Your first impulse is to stare at it in panic, incredulous; to lament the damage, to fret over the interruption of your assignment and to worry about what your boss’s reaction will be. 
Are ‘realistic’ thinkers helping to add to and provide intellectual cover (‘they’re going to do bailouts and it’s unrealistic to expect otherwise’) for the moral hazard and socialized costs that they then busy themselves so much fretting over and coming up with theories about how to twiddle regulations to avoid?   
When you look at these benefits of having a budget, or a “Spending Plan,” it’s clear that you should embrace the concept, not fret over it.   
I am exorcising my financial demons and I hope the fretting over money and class that I imposed on my daughter is something that she can heal from too. 
We are fretting over money and other issues in our families. 
Today he took a look at digital identity and fretted over the lack of uniform standards. 
Three hours of a bunch of white men (don’t get me started about the lack of diversity in a film set during THE CIVIL WAR) earnestly debating, knitting their eyebrows and fretting over whether they should reverse the most evil, terrible, inhumane institution in the history of the United States. 
Speaking from the position of a well-to-do householder, Tertullian exhorts his wife (Ux.) and a widowed brother (Cast.) upon the death of their respective spouses not to fret over the potential disruption their new state poses. 
Deer do not fret over passing birthdays. 
So, do you obsess over things? 
She asked if we got any autographs and obsessed over Eck. 
We'd love to pay no attention to him, but there's nothing else to obsess over .   
I hated my body and spent my life obsessing over how I could look better and avoid food. 
As a brief aside to any non-Christian readers rolling their eyes at all this obsessing over virginity, I just wanted to make it clear that none of this has anything to do with– pardon me for being frank– the pleasurability of a woman’s vagina. 
As a big lady I can attest to the fact that my size is not what I obsess over . 
The perception is of a worldwide Anglican Communion obsessing over gender and sexuality – fiddling with genitalia while the world burns. 
I’ll tend to obsess over things if they’re not going well, if I have an idea that isn’t fully formed yet, or if I’m just struggling with a piece in the studio. 
I’ve spent (wasted? secretly relished in?) countless hours in dark editing rooms during the wee hours obsessing over the timbre, duration, direction of…a baby crying, an audience clapping, water boiling, car horns, alarm clocks, the cosmos, ants marching, and some other stuff.   
In those wee hour dark editing room moments, unless you are remarkably self-aware, you’re not thinking about why you’re obsessing over these sounds, you’re just obsessing over these sounds. 
In those wee hour dark editing room moments, unless you are remarkably self-aware, you’re not thinking about why you’re obsessing over these sounds, you’re just obsessing over these sounds. 
We are taught to obsess over our physicality and to be repulsed by our desires and intelligences. 
Right now I’m obsessing over the Raspberry Truffles. 
We find joy in the process and obsess over the small details.   
So, I got a little obsessed over some cookies. 
Since you were kind enough to ask, the talk—which comes out super different each time I do it— consists of a discursive mishmash of advice I wish I'd had the ears to hear in the year or five after graduating from college: primarily, that we never end up anywhere near where we'd expected, and that most of us would have been a lot happier a lot faster if we'd realized that we were often obsessing over the wrong things—starting with how much the world should care about our major.   
They obsess over it. 
Next time you see clusters of suited Oriental gentlemen obsessing over a rival car's door pulls or switches or some other apparently trivial detail at an international motor show, you'll know the score. 
Together with his team, Bryant obsessed over every detail of each new store, making sure that they maintained the same charm and heritage. 
Irrational fears forced their way in, and I began obsessing over potential illnesses, loss of jobs, even death. 
You can’t obsess over a 2,000-year-old vagabond without getting a little existential, and maybe a little spiritual. 
It’s only going to assist in deciding the future of the club that I so freakishly obsess over . 
As a performer, everything I've learned about obsessing over the smallest detail -- and I mean that in the best way -- I learned from working with Gunther. 
What that really means is that in between my time spent feeling guilty about something, running Hollywood, polishing the horns that I tuck into my hair, and prevailing over Wall Street, I'm probably obsessing over food or -- more likely -- obsessing over food while simultaneously feeling guilty about something and fantasizing about Sarah Silverman.   
What that really means is that in between my time spent feeling guilty about something, running Hollywood, polishing the horns that I tuck into my hair, and prevailing over Wall Street, I'm probably obsessing over food or -- more likely -- obsessing over food while simultaneously feeling guilty about something and fantasizing about Sarah Silverman.   
You might as well obsess over the aesthetic value of your pancreas.   
You people have wasted years obsessing over celebrities and pointless gossip when we are all humans headed towards disaster. 
While the people of California, Colorado and other fast-sprawling states obsess over their population explosions, neither President Bush nor Democratic nominee John Kerry has a word to say on the matter.   
I’m able to settle back in and not obsess over the small stuff. (Though I have to say, I’m having a hard time trusting my husband on the ceiling crack issue.)   
While America obsessed over just which “F-word” Vice President Joe Biden might have uttered, an mild-mannered representative of a multinational military conglomerate lobbied Congress for permission to deploy military robot drones domestically and sell them across across the world. 
Let me begin with a confession: I obsess over the first lines of my books. 
A couple of things that didn’t work for me (and they’re so tiny; but this is why I obsess over openings): one was the small voice in her head. 
I also sort obsess over my openings. 
I obsess over my opening lines, too. 
Always fun to obsess over openings with a group of writers. 
Also, good work tomato, I’m glad you stopped obsessing over every little thing and let a few other people work on stuff for you. 
Approximately 95% of girls who know of Matt Holliday obsess over his backside… speaking of backside… how do you spell the word toosh? 
Perhaps you think I am one of "those" types of parents who hover and obsess over the nutritional value of everything that my child eats. 
We know that she despised and obsessed over the victim Michelle Le. 
It's a company with a well-developed picture of the way things should be done and rather than obsessing over the competition, it gets on with doing them. 
Well, I obsess over everything more. 
Don't fixate on what might have been or obsess over someone else's profits. 
While the US media obsessed over Charlie Sheen’s nervous breakdown, Clinton makes the point that those who were truly interested in the way the world works were turning on Al-Jazeera. 
Director Nicholas Ray was passionate about wanting to depict the teenagers as realistically as possible, and he obsessed over every minutia of detail, even homing in on the symbolic use of color and how the costumes interacted in a landscape of primary tones. 
If you spend more time obsessing over the layout and title, thinking that it will drive your content, you’re wrong. 
I obsessed over the fact that I wouldn’t be able to teach my daughter how to knead bread when she got older. 
Nations obsess over GDP growth.   
I stayed clear of fashion mags because of a tendency to obsess over how I looked nothing like the models. 
Some, like the more ‘liberal’ channels (MSNBC etc.), covered them because their hard-line right-wing views were at once offensive and intriguing to their liberal audience (a bit like when the Guardian covers far-right groups in Britain or when left-wingers obsess over minority groups of fascists, giving them increasing coverage – I like to refer to this as ‘political scat porn’, as the allure in it is the repulsion that the reader/viewer feels).   
Believe me, this guy is nobody to be jealous of but my wife obsessed over him and had several sexual encounters with him and at least one other guy while she was gone for 4 and a half months in another state. 
Facebook, twitter, and blogs provide an all-too-tempting outlet to obsess over pictures of your ex and desperately scan his status updates for any sign that he is missing you. 
A lack of will to do these tasks is obviously not the problem, but rather, the problem is the failure to address unemployment while obsessing over deficits.   
I would obsess over these horrific stories I would put in my head about how I was going to unintentionally hurt my kids. 
While Cara Delevingne’s celebrated brows are certainly worth obsessing over and Lily Collins make us never want to touch a tweezer again, not everyone is blessed with bold arches. 
You’ve perused numerous Pinterest boards and clocked countless YouTube hours obsessing over beauty junkies who fearlessly rock vibrant hues all over their eyelids. 
I also see how we writers are so compelled to obsess over the accolades we think we deserve before fully maturing our writing chops. 
While traveling, therefore, I’ve found it much easier to embrace the body I have instead of obsessing over the one that I’d like to have. 
Through the hard years of starting a business you obsess over these details with a microscope, and it is very hard to come out of that mind set once things are a little bit more relaxed. 
Fortunately, our first-grader spends most of her waking hours determining ways to best aggravate her big brother rather than obsessing over a flat stomach.   
Championed by the likes of Beck and Matt Groening and obsessed over by record collectors, Gary Wilson’s 1977 album, YOU THINK YOU REALLY KNOW ME, is widely considered one of the most unique and personal musical statements of the 1970's. 
Interesting and thought provoking as this article is!…….can the site stop obsessing about the SNP and post an item on solely Labour related topics please.Surely there must be other things that can be discussed, either about the Party or the wider Scottish society without meantioning the ”I” word?   
Obsess about incredibly small risk.   
Well, it’s not the non-existent god that we obsess about , it’s the things that are done in his name, and the consequences he’s used as a shield against, and the repeated efforts by his followers to break down barriers between church and state. 
I admire the way these real women struggle with the enemy within: the voice inside their head that’s telling them to obsess about Ofsted ratings and demand more ‘me time’, and the enemy without: the lack of affordable childcare and the fact that they are often working absurdly long hours, for less money. 
Parents and students alike need to stop obsessing about being accepted by a nationally ranked institution, and, if they are not accepted, whether they are destined to be marginalized for life as a consequence;   
Don’t keep obsessing about it. 
Avoid obsessing about details and focus on the big picture - you need information to make decisions.   
Avoid obsessing about the "other" person. 
Avoid obsessing about the details of whatever they did together.   
However, the Georgia bat study action is akin to obsessing about a cut finger, while ignoring cancer. 
My daughter is 16 and is obsessed about body hair to the point of not going out except to college ( that's becoming a struggle ) i have explained to her that she has no more body hair than any one else but some people have more that other, some peoples is darker that others . 
That I could easily obsess about not having the exact right sort of paper or validation from the outside world. 
So, rather than futilely obsess about the fate of America, I created a character who was every bit as oblivious, greedy, and short-sighted as those who had delivered us to our current fate. 
Exercise relaxes tensed up muscles, increases our body temperature (which according to experts reduces stress), takes our minds off problems we may be obsessing about , and gives us a sense of accomplishment.   
In the novel Generation X , Douglas Copeland focuses on characters who seem to obsesses about the devastating effects of a nuclear holocaust – the fear hangs about them like emotional white noise. 
Think back to times when you obsessed about something or someone, and now rarely think about it, much less care. 
I have been obsessing about RVs lately. 
Maybe he would say it was the breakfast sandwiches—the burnt cheese overwhelming the coffee aromas, which he spent pages obsessing about .   
A curse is that you may obsess about past hurts or fantasies. 
I worry about what’s coming in the future, or I obsess about something from the past. 
Not in the melodramatic sense of the word; I don’t obsess about my thighs or about my complexion or about whether Tommy Jenkins will ask me to the winter box social. 
Do you obsess about , " Why did he / she / they do that to me? " 
When my wife and I were tramping the streets of Prague, we knew where we were headed, more-or-less; we just didn’t obsess about following a map. 
B2B search marketers certainly obsess about conversion metrics and this chart does well to provide broad expectation for success, from an industry perspective. 
Don't obsess about perfecting your petition before anyone signs it, but always keep your eyes open for ways to improve it.     
Man thinks, speaks, dreams and obsesses about technology. 
Many new authors obsess about "how it's supposed to be done," as if there's some magic formula or process that guarantees your story's success.   
Yes, we must all look to the future at times, but dwelling on or obsessing about the future, assuming we know what will come to be, is almost never positive. 
I’d obsess about the things that were not going right, the thousands of things I had to do that day, and who aggravated me from the … Continue reading →   
When he's not obsessing about conversions, you'll find him training for an Ironman or his next big adventure.     
Sometimes I’m obsessed about thinking I don’t have enough and other times obsessed by thinking of ways to spend what I have and at other times obsessed about finding ways to make more.   
Sometimes I’m obsessed about thinking I don’t have enough and other times obsessed by thinking of ways to spend what I have and at other times obsessed about finding ways to make more.   
We at the University of Chicago will obsess about good writing. 
They obsess about gay rights, Muslims rights, black rights, children'r rights and womens rights as if ...   
Thought I was the only one who obsessed about finding the "right" shoe. 
So many times I start obsessing about something I just have to have. 
I obsess about trip planning. 
I tell you from experience that many buyers think this way and will simply pass on your property until pricing is more in line with the market they obsess about daily. 
Back before we had Web 2.0 and cleantech to obsess about the Valley was abuzz about nanotech—the idea that sub-atomic particles would suddenly be the building blocks of, well, everything. 
The most difficult part of my job is talking, blogging and generally obsessing about amazing travel destinations every day (I’m a travel ed) when I’m actually stuck behind a desk in London. 
In my spare time I’m obsessing about my living room. 
I spent years walking in the wilds obsessing about Munro bagging and gadgetry, seeing how fast I could get up a hill, how far I could travel in a day (given my over weight rucksack) missing most of the amazing delights that nature was offering up to me.   
And I can obsess about why one gets remembered and another doesn’t. 
So many events in my life would not have been possible without gratitude…once I stopped obsessing about things I wanted that I didn’t have and started focusing on being truly grateful for the incredible blessings I already have…THAT’s when the magic started to happen. 
I would try and wear my hair the way I saw it in magazines, I’d only buy name brand clothes and I would obsess about my weight. 
Philosophically speaking, if we’re all part of the same ethereal whatnot, at one with the universe, involved in the same huge unity of souls that contributes to the ‘collective unconscious’ that Jung liked to talk about when not obsessing about dream archetypes, this means that I’m related to them and that really pissed me off. 
I have to question the maturity and priorities of those who obsess about shaving a fraction of a second of acceleration time off the guy in the next lane with their street transportation. 
Where the decisions are being made, they’ve forgotten about content and the big idea, and are obsessed about measurement.   
Is this a result of spending too much time obsessing about reducing the weight of my pack and shaving ounces off my gear? 
Once I had a little experience with lightweight backpacking I stopped obsessing about the gear because I knew what I had would work. 
I learned a lot about archaeology because that was what I was obsessed about at the time, but nothing was covered in class. 
Also, the more we worry and obsess about whether our egos are controlling us or not, the more we can be sure that they are. 
Indeed, if you’re in the MSM, you’re obsessing about it. 
obsess about past errors   
Not to obsess about getting it right. 
To obsess about whether a given potential energy source will last hundreds of years or billions of years is to neglect the key issue that matters to human life here and now: whether it can actually provide the usable energy that will maximize the quantity and quality of human life.   
I often have clients that obsess about these and would love something more definitive to tell them.” 
What Jesus is saying is: don't obsess about this; don't analyze every single thought that you have every single minute of the day. 
• An excessive abuse of alcohol • Overeating until it leads to obesity • Obsessing about one’s weight until it turns to anorexia • Use of drugs   
I’ve been obsessing about this for about 2 months so far and finally my wish was granted. 
Therefore there is no need for any mind to grieve over these.                                       
Therefore, one should not grieve over what is unavoidable or inevitable.   
I read one of the short stories contained therein, and I was glad I did not delete it for the comfort the story provided was what the families, friends, and all of us who grieved over what happened September 11, 2001 need.   
Jesus grieved over the rich because only abandonment to God frees us from anxiety about tomorrow. 
Each day, they still manage to enjoy life and each other, but grieve over the finiteness of it all. 
She assured them that she loved them more than anything in the world and for them not to grieve over her passing.   
Since death of anyone born is certain, and of the dead (re-)birth is a certainty, therefore you ought not to grieve over an inevitable fact. -Gita Ch. 2 Verse 27                     
Again, someone grieving over the loss of a spouse may reject medical care, not burdensome in itself and necessary to sustain life, in order to “rejoin” his or her beloved. 
She did most heartily grieve over the idleness of her childhood--and sat down and practised vigorously an hour and a half. 
Much like Robert who, for the rest of his life, will grieve over all that his son has lost… our Father in heaven is the one who really carries the pain of our wrong-doing. 
Both our heavenly Father and all the earthly dads like Robert who grieve over what their children have lost. 
Good science is the precondition to any responsible religious interpretation of that science. (5) We grieve over this problem in our field, because of the religiously based anti-science movements in our countries and increasing also in other countries.   
A tribal family grieves over the death of a victim of Friday’s police action against suspected Maoists at Sarkeguda in Chhattisgarh’s Bijapur district. 
The Count is having an affair with the Governness, which is what is making Chantal so angry--especially since her mother is completely indifferent to it and spends her days grieving over her dead child. 
Tell it to Jesus, Tell it to Jesus; Are you grieving over joys departed? 
He's crying . . . making out he is grieving over the master . . . ."   
Note: This article's title is a reminder of Cry, The Beloved Country , a bestselling book by Alan Paton, a white, Christian South African schoolmaster, who loved his country deeply and grieved over its racial divisions. 
Because we need to show the world a different way to grieve over loss in our lives. 
For he assigns to his sons to grieve over their deceived brethren. 
Paul was trying to comfort those who were grieving over friends and relatives who had died, so he told them not to worry, because when Jesus returned, he was going to bring with him those friends and relatives who had died ( vs:13-14 ). 
The Guardian, 3 July 1997: "The final image, as we file into another room, is of Bartlett silently grieving over an empty hospital bed. 
I have encountered a lot of people, over the years, who see my existence as something to grieve over ; whose first response to hearing about people like me is unthinking pity or scorn. 
The chance of them ever living again is sooo slim, and if there was a chance, it wouldn't be for a loong time from now, so the families would be long gone anyway, so why don't think they just get the grieving over with because clearly, they will never see them again regardless of whether this frozen person thing works out or not. 
He it was that grieved over Ishmael’s expulsion from the household. 
Instead of joining his companions, he went and sat down by himself, grieving over his act of disobedience. 
My mind grieved over loss, the lack of visitors, how what insurance type you had determined what kind of care you were eligible for. 
Yes, the things you are grieving over are not real — they’re the things we imagine in our mind, what we think Down syndrome will be like — but it’s because we as a society have such a negative view of people with Down syndrome or any disability. 
Such a person grieves over his misfortune and tries to find out its causes. 
If my child wasn’t bonded to me, had no memory of me, and if I am so insignificant, as to be so easily replaced, why would my child grieve over me? 
I personally love Faramir because he's kind of broken, naive, grieving over Boromir's death (that's another reason I loved that scene in the TTT EE; we got to see the love between the two of them) and yet trying to do his best to honor Gondor -- as he puts it to Gandalf, "Where does my allegiance lie if not here? 
"And I shall not grieve over his choice of a pursuit in life, if he should prefer the calling of a merchant ."   
"Spoken like my own dear wife," Mr. Hartley said with emotion; "I, too, grieve over the loss, with a grief that words cannot express, but would not take back the treasure , now safely laid up in Heaven. 
When the core of [the thing] is sacrificed, even in small ways, I feel a loss—a grieving over what could and should be, a fully perceived sense that we are wandering away from what we should hold holy and sacrosanct.   
In Rwanda today, a sharp contrast remains between those who argue that the Catholic Church was the only power capable of preventing, or at least halting the genocide, and did nothing to this aim; and other groups and organizations, grieving over persecution of the Catholic hierarchy by the present government.   
There was grieving over relationships and suffering from opening the floodgates of repression and clearing the spiderwebs to my past. 
BLACKSBURG, Va., Aug. 30, 2007 – Let me begin by saying that this university, notwithstanding the joy and exhilaration that comes from the start of the new semester and academic year, is still traumatized to an extent and continues to grieve over the tragedy of April 16. 
I get that you’re trying to talk to dads about their responsibilities, but don’t do so at the expense of others who are grieving over adult children’s sins.   
Since leaving I’ve grieved over the loss and re-assessed who I am and what I’m about. 
Though grieving over the loss of Syd, Angie and Cari are bonding, and Cari is already signaling her to key sounds. 
Although there is some semblance of relief on their end, they would more likely be grieving over lost loved ones than anything else. 
As executive officer of a Marine company, Kudo also felt inadequate when he had to comfort a subordinate grieving over the death of another Marine.   
The first is that I had never grieved over the loss of the child I had aborted. 
Through a recommendation, I hired a second minister and explained to him what the day was about, what he should focus on, etc. Rather than providing a heartwarming sermon for the grieving pet owners, he basically told them that they were “stupid” for grieving over animals. 
The small Baltic state of two million began three days of official grieving over Thursday’s tragedy as officials began investigating the causes of the disaster.   
For the following week the bucolic countryside was filled with the mournful moans of mothers and calves, calling out for each other, grieving over this forced separation. 
Then our Lord replied, "Tell Me, did these evil thoughts and imaginations give thee pain or pleasure? didst thou take delight, or didst thou grieve over them?" 
He will neither rejoice over great things nor grieve over small ones, but will place himself entirely and confidently in the hands of God, Who for him is all in all, to Whom nothing ever perishes or dies, for Whom all things live, and Whom they serve as He desires.   
But now I often lament and grieve over my unhappiness, for many evils befall me in this vale of miseries, often disturbing me, making me sad and overshadowing me, often hindering and distracting me, alluring and entangling me so that I neither have free access to You nor enjoy the sweet embraces which are ever ready for blessed souls. 
But as we grieve over the mass killings in Kosovo and in Africa—as we are shocked by the murders in Columbine High School in Colorado and Heritage High School in Georgia, we all may rightly ask, "Is there any hope for the future?   
Although she has been America’s First Lady she is now just a woman grieving over the loss of her husband - just like any one of us could be.   
While grieving over the fire, Foster said he hopes an even-larger auditorium in his son’s honor can be a part of a new administration building. 
And he genuinely grieves over the consequences of ‘celibacy, formation and the loneliness of the ministry’. 
Wad.); or Landseer's 'Dignity and Impudence' (Dig. and Imp.); or mysterious pictures such as 'Sigismonda grieving over the heart of Guiscardo', where Sig. (as she was called) was holding a kind of soup tureen, and there was no heart anywhere.   
The Lord grieved over His beloved people who had forgotten the spiritual reality. 
I saw the Lord grieving over the dying souls in hell. 
At the Capulet house, Old Capulet talks about his daughter’s distress, believing that Juliet is grieving over the death of her cousin, Tybalt. 
Mak Kundur who was still grieving over the loss of her husband would find some comfort in combing Bawang Merah’s long black hair while she read out loud. 
In Genesis 6, we find that God Himself actually grieved over all the wrongs that man had inflicted upon each other: "Then the LORD saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every intent of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually. 
After the defeat of Ravan, the mortal enemy of Ram, Mandodari, his supreme queen, came out to grieve over her unfaithful husband. 
I have decided not to grieve over something That I cannot change. 
But he was clear that the rejoicing in that future required a grieving about the present order. . . . [This implies] that those who have not cared enough to grieve will not know joy.”   
“I will advise the youth to stay away from music videos that promote nudity and other immoral behaviors because what the eye does not see, the heart cannot grieve about it,” he advises. 
But again this verse refers to God seeking someone from among His people who is grieved about the condition of God’s people (the church!) and who cares enough about God’s honour and glory to intercede before God because of the terrible state of His people , with whom He had established His covenant. 
I guess Omotola was grieved about the way people were beginning to see the girl.   
In most other grieving situations there is something tangible to grieve about , but when you lose a baby in the first half of a pregnancy it is as if the whole world cannot understand how many hopes and dreams were carried with that little person. 
“Also what the workers are also grieving about is that employees classified as grade one to four, which encompasses senior executives, were retrenched and received US$300 000 as packages. 
“He is very upset about the transplant and grieved about Avelina’s heart,” family members said.   
So, for fellow Nigerians still grieving about the conference, viewing it as waste of meager resources that can be put to better use in addressing our countless challenges, I want them to face the reality of events facing the nation. 
I am still grieved about it. 
What is there to grieve about ? (Ibid. 28.)   
Dr. Steadman, grieving about his damaged daughter (but also about his loss of control over her) thinks of the books he gave her as gifts, hoping that she would keep them forever. 
But, once I dealt with it and I got past it, once I let go of that grief, I didn't grieve about things anymore and I was free to enjoy the person. 
What did they grieve about ?   
It was now possible to grieve about working conditions. 
The passage says in his praise that he will not grieve about his own life, but only for the loss Israel will sustain by his death. כתן is used of thinking generally, as Qoh. i.13, 1 Sam. i.16, and of speaking, as Lev. xvi.21, Deut. xi. 29. 
And I grieved about that a bit, but finally now I said -- I used to trot back and forth from Virginia Hall where they put me, to Kennedy Hall because all my classmates were in Kennedy Hall since they were older than I was. 
In the 1590's he retired grieving about the injustice and persecution he had to endure and then probably wrote the embittered sonnets, which clearly are stamped by the scars of a deeply wounded and perfectly honest man's refined confessions out of extreme anguish. 
These women cannot recall their repressed anger and have never grieved about what happened to them. 
It is related from 'Abdullah ibn al-Fadl that he heard Anas ibn Malik say, "I was grieved about those who were killed at the Battle of al-Harra*. 
He grieves about no such person being in existence. 
As you grieve about your children, so I grieve about mine. 
As you grieve about your children, so I grieve about mine. 
There's nothing to grieve about .'   
If these two had died, then we’d have something real to grieve about . 
Instead of trying to reveal his inner world, or grieving about the outer one, “Just as Something Calls” manifests both worlds at once as it describes the relationship between them and, in the final stanza, the reason for bothering to do so. 
"And He was grieved about His heart;" it is   
Or are you grieving about Orestes in his wretched exile and about my father, whom you once held in your arms and raised. 
I was grieved about my father’s death; I was greatly angered and full of hatred about the false accusations against me; but I was full fear about what I was going to do with the rest of my life, seeing that had found no happiness, or satisfaction, or contentment in any of those things that I desired to do? 
They were not grieved about their own sins and the sins around them, v. 6. 
Death is certain to all things which are born, and rebirth to all mortals; wherefore it doth not behoove thee to grieve about the inevitable. 
I am deeply, deeply grieved about it." 
Well, I’ve got other troubles from the gods, things to grieve about . 
He told him and explained what one should grieve about and what not. [p.190]   
I had trouble in my foot, and my father, hearing of it, grieved about it with his customary kindness, and inquired carefully about my condition. 
Still, I love and respect Carole King's legacy way too much to ever grieve about the fact that she did not put out an LP in 1986 or 1987; I do not think it would have merited a stronger thumbs down than this flop (unless she began investing in hair metal or something), but you do have to stop if you're out of inspiration, or if you find yourself in a strange new world of technology about which you do not really care.   
Elisabeth Kübler-Ross, a pioneer in the hospice movement, first described the stages of grieving about and recovering from a major trauma such as death or divorce:   
Source: Mills Lane (ed.), “ Dear Mother: Don’t grieve about me. 
I grieve about how this happened.   
Seems a bunch of local libs, to ease their grieving about the election ran a fundraiser for PP. 
There's no need to grieve about it. 
She had a vision of the glory that was to follow, and rested on her Redeemer with full trust for hersel'; but her soul was grieving about the laddie. 
They no longer even took the trouble to search, they knew that there was nothing left, that they had come to the end of everything, that they must not hope even for a candle, or a fragment of coal, or a potato, and they were waiting to die, only grieved about the children, and revolted by the useless cruelty that gave the little one a disease before starving it.   
I still grieve about the horrible fate of my nine crew members.     
Bondage is when the mind longs for something, grieves about something, rejects something, holds on to something, is pleased about something or displeased about something. 8.1   
Liberation is when the mind does not long for anything, grieve about anything, reject anything, or hold on to anything, and is not pleased about anything or displeased about anything. 8.2   
Are you so deeply grieved about the & [whatever]?   
Therefore, when they saw what they saw - the peace, the retreat, and the obligations the Messenger of God had taken upon himself - the people felt so grieved about it that they were close to despair . 
A. Paul was so grieved about just how lost people were – especially HIS own people   
For example, people suffering from back pain could be carrying too much guilt from some previous life; sinusitis could be a failure to grieve about something; neck pain could be the result of being hanged .   
It's appropriate and normal to grieve about unemployment. 
George Fox was greatly grieved about these idle ceremonies. 
To her he wrote sad, pompous poetry and grieved about his lost love.   
But Simon, having no one to grieve about , did not give up. 
We must be aware that we are powerless and work out our own salvation with diligence, grieve about this situation and give it to Jesus in prayer again and again. 
Yet Daniel was more grieved about sinfulness than most and owned the sins of the people as his own. 
We grieve about the Cross, but think that if Jesus had only learned of his own true importance, he never would have tossed his life away. 
At one point in Urusei Yatsura Ataru , grieving about how messed up his life has become since Lum decided they were married, asks the readers if he really deserves such torment. 
The woman brought forth two children, a son and a daughter, but grieved about the lack of food. 
When thou dost begin to live for Him, thou wilt grieve about nothing more, and all things will come easy to thee."   
For though he that condoles with the unhappy be approved for his office of charity, yet would he who had real compassion rather there were nothing for him to grieve about . 
"I am awfully worried over that Swedish match, though! 
To know that I’ll never stay up late worrying over you? 
So once I made a decision I worried over whether it was the right one. 
Obviously if you are worried over their daytime behaviour or development then do see your GP or talk to your health visitor. 
I look at myself and my friends and I realise that while we landed the dream job, bought the cars we wanted, have beautifully decorated apartments and closets full of stylish clothes, we cannot help but worry over the unanticipated consequences of prioritising our careers before love.   
So many creative nonfiction writers constantly worry over sticking to the absolute truth and never consider crossing that barbed wire fence into the fog of imagined fact. 
In poems illustrated by Terri Windling, in an original short story set in West Africa, in essays ranging in subject matter from Daphne du Maurier's fiction to excursions in the Gifford-Pinchot National Forest, Antieau illuminates the richness of our world today, reveling in its wonders, worrying over its degradation, seeking out the possibility of transmutation—with proportion distilled by reflection and a ready dash of humor.   
She worried over stories about neighbors - whom she likened to playful, trusting otters - as she watched them make themselves vulnerable and saw them get preyed upon all too often. 

